du monde jessiemae Rogan good to see you
Joseph do people call you Joseph
my mom does oh that's sweet what's your
middle name James Joseph James sounds
like an author hmm may best write books
I can't believe you ever write in a book
I tried started doing one a long time
ago I had a deal for a book like 12
years ago and dealing with the editors
was so gross they wanted they basically
wanted me to just transcribe stand-up
and I wanted to write a bunch of weird
shit didn't Judy Carter already do that
remember the dude is that the worst
genre ever books on how to do stand-up
they might be piss-poor books ever
Belzer had a pretty good one Belzer had
a decent one I think it was what we had
a couple of them he had one on stand-up
he had one on UFOs Bigfoot and JFK
Belzer is a cool things all go together
do you know him personally but I mean
he's a legend for sure he's he's a crazy
conspiracy theorist except the deep end
yeah yeah is he like
Radim with Sam Tripoli is it just as
crazy no maybe more Wow yeah he's he's I
don't know if they believe in the same
things because it's funny like there's
like classifications of conspiracy
theorists like some conspiracy theories
our bald balls-deep in like JFK but you
try to bring up 5gb they like get the
fuck out of here so was Marilyn Monroe
yeah deep in JFK sex joke I mean well I
guess he was balls deep in her but I
mean who knows who knows they were into
behind closed doors she could have
strapped one that's a good good at
conspiracy theory - do you think they
killed her oh yeah absolutely snitches
get stitches bitches who are snitches
get stitches yeah or no stitches cuz
you're just dead yeah you're dead you
get the ultimate stitch of life which is
just done what if it really killed her
hey so if you were gonna write a book
today what would it be about oh I don't
know if I would do it today I don't know
maybe that maybe this is what I should
be doing right now during this covert
time but I'm using it as an excuse to
know just know I'm not I'm not working
on standing up at all Wow first time in
forever
four no writing I haven't written
anything do you feel like it's relaxing
or do you feel any anxiety about having
that detach from your day to day routine
that's not the anxiety the anxiety is
the world the anxiety is what what's
happening right general existentialism
well just the fact that the economy has
come to a complete screeching halt and
all these people are losing their jobs
and all these people are losing their
businesses and we're not exactly sure
what to do because there's the hard core
people that are like fuck it open it up
keep the women in the old people safe
make you so weak okay why are we grouped
into old I made that up
what people are yeah which we should be
for sure
yeah and the Titanic we were paint me
like your little french girl meanwhile
my team both get on that fucking raft I
know why on top of each other you see
making out picked his little frozen
hands off and shoved them into the belly
of the ocean get a sign on the paper
first nice drawing you could write
something about parenting I mean it must
be interesting for you to be raising
daughters in this climate well I think
raising sons in this climate be just as
interesting just as weird just raising
humans in this climate when no one's
ever done before racing raising kids
with full-time electronics and the
internet from the time they're babies
you know what's the good stuff is you
can't bullshit people as much you know
there's like access to information like
we're trying to figure out today just
now how many people died in the 1918 flu
and you said it best you like there's no
end unanswered questions anymore
you can't ponder ya wondering and
wonderment is a thing of the past it's
gone it's still there but you got you
can get answers you know it's like you
get searched shit down and get answers
but what it was it the number like 50
million died yeah totally
that's that's I mean that's a huge
number but the thing that we were
talking about also is I I guess I just
don't understand that this disease has a
lot of unknown factors but there are so
many other things that are detrimental
to our society that it's wild that this
it took this sort of situation to bring
everything to a screeching halt globally
it's a little scary and it's scary that
we're using so much resources to deal
with it I know we need to but then okay
after this are we gonna start to apply
those resources to deal with you know
child sex trafficking that happens in
the country to deal with homelessness to
deal with these other issues is this
gonna be a sort of Kickstarter to be
like okay let's get our shit together as
a global society instead of living in
our own tribal existences which doesn't
work it doesn't work anymore I'm sorry
you made me you made me smoke the blunt
yeah but you're right you're right maybe
that is what we'll do next maybe listen
500,000 people in this country alone die
prematurely because of cigarettes and
we're just like well you know whatever
imagine if it was kool-aid if kool-aid
was killing half a million a year but
yes it does it does but not as clearly
as cigarettes like you could be healthy
and occasionally enjoy kool-aid I agree
but don't you think sugars just as
addictive as an addictive you're right
if we look at it from a broader spectrum
they're both equally is bad and killed
just as many people did I see what
you're saying I don't think they kill as
many because I think heart attacks is
higher right now I guess you would have
to lump diabetes in there too you would
absolutely so heart attacks was number
one it took over
Kovach took the number one spot on the
chart coming in number 19 straight out
of Wu Han he's quick with the slips yeah
killin bitches and sneaky yes sneaky
disease that kills healthy people and
then old people survive it like it's
nothing and then it kills an entire
nursing home full of people and then
young people get it and and die from it
and old people get it and brush it off
and some people have zero symptoms at
all as many as 50 percent or more
that's wild it's like the crack of
diseases it is it does have a lot of
characteristics of multiple diseases and
that's why that's a scary factor for me
but I'm always grossed out I mean you
and I travel we used to remember what
remember comedy are you enjoying the not
flying almost
fuck yeah how good is it for your body
dude I feel like I look like 15 now I'm
like ah I'm chilling I got my plumpness
back and sleep is amazing to do
farticles anymore in fucking airplanes
oh god dude there's so I don't know what
it is about flying I'm sure it's the
pressure and the pressurized cabin loved
to fart God they let it rip on airplanes
and that that's kovat in my face I'm
fine with dealing with the farts anymore
killing people farts were killing people
if a guy could fart in a plane and half
the people on the plane died you should
have met my dad a couple of those
cookies would have ripped you right out
of here there's something about old man
farts oh they're great they're legendary
yeah you know there's something funny
about when you walk into a supermarket
right behind an old guy who crop-dusted
you like no you can't be mad at him that
that fart went to Vietnam that was a
fart that maybe you know fought some
Wars he deserves it people that have
been through war I've gotta be like what
are we doing you know I mean like have
you been through war and everyone shot
the disease down people are coughing
wait this is what we're worried about
obviously it's a terrible disease I'm
making light of it but it's a terrible
disease sometime which is weird it's
like you know car accidents are car
accidents right your car gets hit by a
train it's the same thing every time
yeah it's an isolated situation but it's
it's terrible every time every test is
terrible like like a car hitting a train
sometimes people just die and then for
other people it's literally nothing yeah
it's really wild it's an inconsistent
disease and it's also I just don't
understand how much longer we're gonna
be shut down I mean the economy is
struggling so much over this fucking
disease not just struggling like broken
yes rebuild it and it could take a long
time scares me listen to these experts
talk about it what scares you the most
about the current situation well it's
always gonna be a new disease and loss
of life that's number one right so
number one is we're all scared because
this disease is super infectious it's
just running through like old folks
homes there was one old folks home I
believe they said 70 people died and
one old folks home and that's terrible
on another level because those people
can't bury their family the way they
need to or want to the grieving process
is interrupted by the protocol yeah you
can't even visit him in the hospital
yeah that's that's really brutal and
that for that fact it makes me really
sad for families that are losing loved
ones like that older people that's why
it's so crazy it's almost like and this
is a ridiculous way to put it but I'm
gonna do it anyway do it if if you were
intact if this country was attacked by
an invasion of demons and they were all
anything sorry-sorry continue you're
making a good point that's what it would
be like it's like some people don't even
get haunted yeah some people some people
just get a little bit of a demon and
then some people get the full wrath of
Satan himself that's a good point it's
just it's I was reading about this guy
who was on an incubator for more than 30
days and it was a terrifying account of
all the it was in Massachusetts with all
these different ways they were doing
different methods they were doing to try
to revive this guy and to thing I mean
one thing it made me think is like thank
God there's people out there that can do
this that know how does how to keep a
guy like this a lot yeah guy who was a
young guy was like in his late 30s I
believe maybe 40s and he was married
with little kids and you know it was a
terrible story but they figured it out
and they used some crazy machine that
was bypassing his heart in his lungs
like it had to go in through his leg and
like like into a major artery and shit
like that and they had to keep him like
basically in a coma like so that he
doesn't move like an induced coma to
keep him yes they're just trying to pump
air into him
oh my god it's terrifying yeah that is
terrifying that's why this disease is so
strange it is I I laugh because it's you
made a good point about we're lucky to
have people who know how to handle this
I feel like that you know with social
media and everything those jobs are not
as appealing to people and who knows in
like 50 years of another thing like this
and we're lucky enough to be alive and
it hits us
and Instagram influencers aren't going
to be able to intubate anybody you know
what I mean like the girl self it t
won't be able to help us and imagine if
your job was if you thought your job was
to help people which is what most nurses
and first responders mean their job is
hey you know I'm gonna do a good thing
for the community I'm gonna go do a good
thing for people I'm gonna be there to
help people when they're ill I'm gonna
treat them I'm gonna help them survive
and recover like that's a beautiful
thing but to go from that to all the
sudden you're on the front line of this
infectious infectious virus war and you
could get bit you could get bit and
there's not enough PPE in all these
places and it's really scary
that's just scariest part we don't even
have the fucking equipment for these
people more equipment now than they ever
had before but they just never saw this
coming and you know there was a pandemic
Department apparently and it was what do
we know about that was it was cancelled
during the the Trump administration they
cancelled the pandemic believe me what I
read was that there was like a team in
place what at the transition that since
that time which would have been three
years ago by now those people are no
longer at the jobs that they had so they
would have probably had other positions
maybe in the White House or other places
but does the actual position exist
anymore I don't from what I read know or
like I don't even know if it was like at
an actual position it was it's hard to
not think about conspiracy when you hear
that that team was just shut down and
that department was just shut down and
then this happens I'm not a big
conspiracy theorist but I understand
where people might go wait a minute hold
on I know what you're saying yeah I
don't think it's a conspiracy I think
it's incompetence I think you know
there's been scientists for years even
Bill Gates Bill Gates and I think it was
2015 a very famous it was a 2015 did
that TED talk oh yeah that TED talk
about saying how it wasn't gonna be like
war it was gonna be about a microscopic
war yeah yeah which is what we're at
right this I've heard this from so many
independent sources I think that's
exactly what it is really I think they
just didn't see it coming and it's just
incompetence they didn't treat it with
the respect it deserved because it's not
in their face yeah right if you're if
you're a person deciding what to spend
money on and you're running something
like the and
states of america there's some fucking
wacky decisions you have to make you
know and someone whoever it was made the
call that we don't need that we don't
even know if that's true maybe the money
was diverted or it was diverted into
some sort of another program or
something but they just didn't see it
coming
that's it would be hard to see something
like this coming and it's like preparing
for this thing that you can't imagine
would be hard to prepare for and it's
it's gonna be an interesting thing
because like for our ability to look
back at ancient civilizations it's a
little difficult because of the lack of
technology available then to record
incidents happening but for us right now
this is all being recorded and maybe
there'll be a differentiation in the
advancements with technology but I
wonder what future generations are going
to know and decipher from this situation
that we're in right now like didn't they
see that coming you know that sort of
situation where they're like how do they
not see this happening how do they not
know this was gonna happen
because we have a really weird inability
to pay attention to anything that
doesn't affect us immediately yeah it's
very strange but it says it's a
characteristic of human beings that's
probably got some sort of evolutionary
benefit like concentrate on what you're
concentrating on don't see the big
picture because if you see the big
picture you're gonna go while I even
bothering I'm a finite life-form on a
planet with a dying star floating
through infinity try not to get eaten
yeah right it's a survival mechanism
there's something about it like your
brain has too much ability to comprehend
and if you comprehend everything like
just the nature of life itself the fact
that you're your body is this ecosystem
with all this different stuff inside
your book because you collectively like
however they influence you however your
microbiome influences you collectively
are you and you know that you just
assume that there's one but meanwhile
it's this crazy fucking world it's all
interconnected never talk to your cells
I do I say that like in a sense of I
think I think my existence in my being
for for taking care of me like I express
gratitude to myself on a
scopic level on a molecular level like
talking to plants and plants yeah say
that that's real right like if you play
plants music they actually grow I wonder
if there's plants that like car DB much
isn't it all just like really yeah but
was there a study on absolutely nothing
no more flourish li they flourish li is
that a word they flourish more with with
music in their growing process have you
ever been high in a grow up I don't even
know what you just said to me high in a
grow up like a grown oh oh actually yes
I take it back my partners grow up I was
inside a little bit stoned it feels nice
yes one of the earliest studies the
effect of music on plants was conducted
in 1962 by dr. T C Singh head of botany
and at animal iya animal university he
exposed balsam plants to classical music
and found that their growth rate
increased by 20% compared to a control
group along with 72% increase in biomass
72 percent increase in biomass from
playing music but even that 20% that's a
huge huge number and imagine like what
that does to plants I mean we already
know their science that it helps babies
and you know fetuses and babies inside
the womb to listen to classical music
and things like that so it's interesting
I wonder what the rate of of helping a
baby grow is what the percentage is no
shit right I wonder if you could play
Beethoven for your kid when it's like a
tiny little baby hoots in a crib what if
it increases its intelligence I wonder I
wonder if it would do you think it would
be an exercise right because the kid
would be favorable along with these
beats so the thing to like really
complex classical music is like I don't
know about you but I don't play shit
I have zero musical talent I did I have
none I think I can do like a finger
flute I love the fact that I don't know
anything about how they do it so I could
just enjoy it like just enjoy the music
without thinking about the technical
details of it yeah it must be a little
stressful if you know how it goes right
to obsess over that over the notes
oh yeah be like us with jicama
why would he go that way why would he to
go this way you know to be like it would
be like us if you're watching someone
play a comic in a movie oh right
yeah you're like you did it all wrong
yeah that was so terrible so if you were
a guitarist and then they're doing a
movie on Hendrix like what are you gonna
do with the fingers what do you do
because you're not gonna come around
aimlessly yeah you're not gonna you have
to actually know how to play guitar if
you want to play Hendrix in a movie am i
right no you're right but also so many
people have such different technique
that you'd look at some people like that
said that's not how you play that but
you hear it and it sounds exactly right
yeah because the way they develop
there's someone who faked it better than
almost anybody
Will Smith when he paid Mohammed Ali I
wanna say faked it I said would say
acted came like a boxer like I've seen
so many fights when someone moves you ah
come on with that oh you're talking
about the actual choreography of his
movement his movement see I never saw
that movie but I know it was a good one
oh I thought you were gonna say like
because we're talking about music like
Jamie Foxx with Ray but I don't know
yeah I can do any I know Jamie Foxx is
amazing weirdly Tyler yeah if you listen
to his voice oh you can do that too yeah
he is a very very talented dude very
funny
you did the cello thing too though like
he'd like made you seem it seemed like
he was learnt but maybe he did but a
master cello player in them yeah Robert
Downey jr. yeah that's right the guy was
like homeless yeah we can google it see
he can really do that like it's not like
like if someone asked me to play a
guitarist I don't know what you're
supposed to do with your hand it's gonna
be like I don't know what to do with you
ever see a movie where you could tell
someone does it really smoke and they're
smoking cigarettes in a movie but just
look so your hand yeah actors talk about
that too like they'll actually if their
character smoke cigarettes they'll
actually smoke cigarettes yeah you can
get comfortable with the fact they have
a cigarette and even then they feel like
a fake well I think because so much of
our mechanism is dependent upon our
personality type you know it's not
necessarily everyone smokes a certain
way it's just like how do you stand like
where are you are you leaning or how do
you eat you know they do posture it's
gonna affect the way you do things
there's a
thing that you can see in someone that's
doing something awkward there's a weird
thing if they're not really good at it
and it's like like I play pool and when
you watch someone play pool in a movie
and you're supposed to be an amazing
pool player like bitch get the fuck out
you like that Martin seconds which one
the hustler no with we're talking money
color money yeah the classic pool movie
yeah that's a movie that's an amazing
movie that's actually the sequel to the
hustler oh yeah the hustler I've read
the books they're really book author
forget the author you read a lot do you
when did you every four anymore mostly
what I do is listen to books on tape is
that considered reading I mean my
question you listen and you say you read
[Laughter]
Ari Shaffir wrote on my Instagram
something some fucking comic books don't
have tracks or so yeah yeah yeah that's
funny but I mean if you're in school and
you're getting a lecture you're learning
yeah yeah listen it's not it's not the
same but I can do when I workout so I
can listen to books while I work out do
you think you retain information better
when you're like working out and doing
physical exerting things physically
exerting no I think you retain the most
information when you're sitting there
concentrating on retaining information
you retained less but you you could
still do it you seem really able to
acquire and retain a lot of information
it's scattered though it's like I have
all my hard drives are fucked up Jim
pansies brain right supposed to thee I'm
supposed to have you know like a few
categories of things that I concentrate
on that's what my brains designed for
but I've taken it like like if you try
and put a big engine in a Volkswagen bug
I'm just cramming informations that I
said of horsepower I'm trying to cram
information there's chimp brain do you
get headaches from it I've had friends
that have had migraines and it seems
like probably one of the the most
disturbing things you can experience
yeah there's so many other physical
symptoms that are associated with
migraines that just
the migraine itself everything else
seems so much worse I've had friends
that say it's like literally like their
heads in a vise and it'll last for an
hour
yeah that's brutal do you have any like
physical issues I know you have like a
like a joint issue or a bad name I've
always got something wrong from fighting
yeah there's always something wrong was
there anything congenital no no nothing
no everything was just from just use and
abuse but like I'm 52 and for most guys
that are 52 that still get involved in
jiu-jitsu they've got a bunch of
surgeries most guys have like back
surgery or shoulder surgery or knee
surgery almost every guy that I know
that gets into like its 40s and 50s from
you Jitsu it must be like a midlife
crisis choice where you're just like I
gotta I gotta try this thing and
challenge myself I'm a man I go to good
in the ring you couldn't use it that way
but it's more like a life challenge oh
the way I look at it it's like a really
difficult thing to do and in doing
really difficult things and increases
your capacity to do other things and it
also occupies your mind with real drama
it's really dangerous
it's really dangerous I mean it's not
dangerous in the fact that you're gonna
get hurt you might get hurt but it's
most most of the time we train you don't
but I mean it's dangerous and that this
guy is trying to kill you he will tap
you out you'll tap and you'll give up
and then you go again you're not gonna
die you're not gonna get hurt but the
reality is he could have killed you if
somebody gets you in an armbar they're
going to break your fucking arm if they
get you in a triangle they're gonna put
you to sleep and strangle you to death
are you flirting does that sounds great
my point Jesse man when you do that it
makes other things easier yeah they're
the people that get good at jujitsu men
and women they have a tolerance for the
hardships of life that's built into them
from training sessions that other people
don't have when you're constantly you're
a woman you're constantly grappling with
this others bitches is trying to kill
you you're good friends and they're
getting on top of you and she's trying
Stranglers try getting your in a rear
naked choke yeah like not today
motherfucker and you're doing this all
the time like regular nonsense out in
the street it must be a great way to
folk
your stresses and Inger's in your
everyday existence and sort of funnel
them into this instead of that I think
it avoids a lot of the anger I think a
lot of like frustration that a lot of
people have the tension is like built-up
energy that they need to expand they
need to expel they need to get it out of
their system and they don't get a chance
to they're stuck in offices they're
stuck in their car they're stuck at home
wherever they are I don't know if it's
not they don't get a chance to they
don't decide to implement it into their
life somehow there's there's a choice to
make and I realize there are limitations
to people's lives in certain situations
but it's a choice to implement something
like this where you can deal with your
anger for sure is necessary here's why
it's a weird choice it is a choice but
you know it's not normal or healthy to
sit in a chair all day no it's not
everybody's being forced to do that and
it's a weird thing to decide that we got
to do I mean that's why there's so many
suicides in Chinese culture isn't that
like in Japanese cultures too because
ours too right okay what they're sitting
in a desk all day long
jumping out of their windows because of
the stress of the workweek imagine the
feeling when you make that jump
you probably regret it this job each
time you're like this is a good choice
milk was a bad choice and so was jumping
out of the window that's a crazy way to
go it is how crazy is that Foxconn place
where they make the iPhone so they had
to put Nets around because so many
people were jumping I mean at least
they're evolving you know wouldn't be
fun if they put a trampoline then you
can just kind of jump around and deal
with your emotions and that like I guess
it was a good thing that I didn't do it
but I didn't die
they have dorms there and everything
like why can't we make an American
cellphone is that impossible or we have
to pollute everything not know bullshit
like Nobel I don't know why everything
gets made over there other than cheap
labor that's why it is but the other
question could be is it also because
they don't have the same environmental
concerns also now and I know that if
you're in some of those cities the the
smog is fucking insane right some of the
worst air conditions in the world you'll
experience in these cities where they
make all this shit they don't
fuck about the about nature like here's
the deal can we even have all the stuff
we have over here and make it over here
and not have all that waste and not
pollute the world was that can I ask you
a question
this is make any sense
it does it does make sense but don't you
think we make too much shit do we need a
new car every year no we don't need a
new phone every year either we don't
need a new shit every year you talk
about the waste it's only 11 and you
could have this for five years like if
this is all I could do on the phone was
call him and make pictures and fucking
shit they do normally and send text
messages why do I need do I really need
something better than right why don't
you do one keep making this just keep
making this right I I think we're
producing too much she's gonna be
intertwined with this thing fuck yeah
you're talking about that app about the
tracking the Cova tracking the DA which
is just it sounds scary to me get the
fucker that's an NSA shit that's really
scary they're gonna keep going this is
what things do they like if it's your
job to try to do something like this to
try to implement something we can get
people to agree to tracking if it's your
job to do that you're gonna keep going
yes we are once you get that tracking
then you're gonna want some new shit
then you want cameras in front of
people's houses to see if they really
are quarantine and you know they're
doing that in China yes this guy just
got back from a trip in China they gave
him a 14-day quarantine and they put a
fucking camera right in front of his
door that's weird
whoa like you're not going anywhere for
14 days and we're watching you it's also
strange for people in politics to
encourage
society to snitch on people that's weird
that's a level of tracking that's army I
know but don't you think that's fucking
weird and wrong it's weird and wrong but
it's even worse if you're offering
rewards as you're saying if you're
saying in usually snitches get stitches
but this one guys are gonna get riches
you know what it is Joe honestly it's
it's a behavior change
it's a weird step towards this tracking
system that's going to be implemented
but right they're starting to be like oh
it's okay we're going to reinforce you
guys being stitches it's it snitches
it's fine here's a little treat for you
here's 500 bucks for letting me know
that Karen was out not doing the proper
protocol meanwhile there's there have
been that many deaths like relatively to
what they thought they were going to be
and so that means it's a success so that
means the way it's being implemented so
far has been a success like you're
getting it more aggressive with it even
though the numbers are way lower than we
thought they were going to be what are
we doing George
we're doing the right thing understand
that it's hard for people if just you
know keep an eye on each other don't let
people do stupid shit you shouldn't have
fucking parties but you also shouldn't
give people rewards to snitch no that's
not a house party the other day where
people had masks on and he posts all day
long the funniest shit he really does a
house party was packed yeah it was a
packed house party I think it said
something like if these people ain't
dead in 14 days I'm gonna go out there
partying in my apartment as well like
not my personally but the building
people have been having house parties
having them chillin I hear there's cards
against humanity' happening a lot oh my
god it's wild and like you see the beach
don't nobody from this house partied I'm
14 days I'm going outside and also why
is it so bright
well it looks more like a meeting that
just let out and in a in a business
maybe it is maybe this is bullshit
that's the thing well maybe someone turn
the lights on and take a picture how do
we know these photos so many photos are
doctors like you talk
about the the picture from the the beach
how do we even know what date that's
from I'm sure a lot of these things you
can sort of track but then they posted a
picture about you know the state the
anti stay home protesters it was a photo
from like an election from 2011 one
thing I saw I think that's just lazy
journalism that just clickbait people
but that's interesting you see the deep
fake of Biden's tongue did you see that
category there's a crazy deep thing
where they took Biden his thing where
he's doing this press conference and
they made him move his eyebrows and
stick his tongue out in this really
wacky way and when I saw it I was like
it's really doing that and I'm like I
don't know if this is really not so I
think i retweeted it I'm like what is
this somebody tell me what this is yeah
and then someone bro a thing about is
you know this deep fake what did it say
was the article like the beginning to
the end of democracy or something like
that but it's uh it's really what do you
want me to send it to you I found it I'm
looking at I guess calling it a deep
fake might be miss it's not misleading
but yeah it's not technically a deep
fake but it's not accurate either it's
it's like manipulation he opened his
tongue like that right yeah I think what
this is saying
he opened his tongue like a normal open
that's a real picture every housewife in
bel-air by the way yeah yeah the hanging
on to articles on Vice where it says
it's not not everything is a deep fake
for the love of God not everything is
there's not a great title for art or for
an article this is a sloppy joe is
trending do they think about taken down
Oh didn't so Trump retweeted that did he
reach shrub yesterday don't we
where are we like what is life right now
see what people want from him is for him
to be like like his fans they want him
to be this boss guy that doesn't make
dumb mistakes I mean but like if you if
you say something stupid that's one
thing but if you say something stupid
and then try to pretend you didn't say
something's do but now you've doubled
down are you talking about when he told
everybody to booth bleach
oh yeah well he said me what has a way
to use disinfecting this it's clearly
not he's not being sarcastic but then he
said he was saying it's sarcastic just
to report it's like he's so embattled
with the report it's like I've never
seen anything like it
he's embattled with his ego his ego is
the first thing he's embattled with in
any time that's threatened he can't he
focuses on that he's so focused on his
his sensitive ego that everything else
falls to the wayside like just running
the country's like yeah I'm busy
tweeting my haters right now I'm busy
tweeting trolls for hours can you
imagine him like what is he wearing when
he's in bed and like sweat steam room
but he keeps blowing out his iPhone so
he got me a new one China and everything
I think that guy I bet he could never
imagine what it was gonna be like to
have that job to be hated that way no I
think he wasn't able to put himself in a
category of ever being hated but that
seems to be his biggest downfall and as
big as insecurity is what people think
of him but when you're living in
conflict right so he's in this constant
conflict with the press and the
reporters when the when he gives those
speeches when you're living in conflict
like that you're always at like 7:00
they're always on edge you can't take
things from a neutral place you take
things you're they're always a bigger
front and they really are the
perspective is always off because you
you look like stuck in conflict it's
actually like happens to people's when
you if you grow up in bad neighborhoods
if you grow up in bad neighborhoods and
they've even said that they've done
studies Michael Irvin actually talked to
me about this once a plane flight from
Australia and explained to me that kids
that grow up and they're born when when
their mother is going through extreme
stress like the mother lives in a very
violent neighborhood and there's
violence in the house and things like
that the kid in the womb it changes the
way the kid will approach life that's
what I was saying to you before I was
wondering it like a stressful like
living in a stressful environment having
an effect on the development of the
child I'm sure well but I mean this is
literally they're changing the wiring in
the brain while she's pregnant with them
right like it's happening because of the
outside world it's like changing the
baby changing the behavior make it
apparently a much quicker ability to
react or instinct to react like constant
survival yeah on edge being on edge I
think that's definitely also consistent
with you know having a rough childhood
or traumatic experience I definitely
went through that experiencing things
you know as a girl that made me reactive
to men until I learned how to like
narrow it down to this one instance and
deal with it it's interesting like how
you're able to overcome trauma with
therapy and behavioral changes but I
think it comes down to that like having
traumatic things will always sort of
negate I'm sorry we're always sort of
dictate how you react to things sure
trauma drives the ship for so long until
you deal with it and have some sort of
therapy and even then sometimes it's
difficult to overcome your instinctual
response which is based off of that sort
of you know the experience of stress
being influencing how you react you know
what you were talking about earlier
talking about what kind of an effect is
this disease gonna have on people yeah
well I'm hoping that it's gonna have an
effect on shifting in a way we
understand how how good we had it and
how recent this is that people have had
it good I think one of the reasons why
we're so quick to react to things like
why a child in the womb would be quick
to react and more of more
tend to be more violent or react quicker
to violence or to be defensive because
it needed it for survival until about
four or five hundred years ago
everything was a bloodbath fuck yeah I
mean if you good so far I mean we have
all of our needs are instantly met and
then because of that our needs grow
because we need more like oh this iPhone
11 isn't good enough I need an iPhone 24
time more things that complain about we
find more things to be bitter about but
less things to be thankful of like I
think if anything I hope that when we
come back from this other than the fact
that I hope people get their lives in
order because I hope that we get this
understanding of how temporary all of
this really is yeah and how we just
thought because just it existed because
it had always been here it always will
be here this is fragile this is fragile
like the Great Barrier Reef Sun Tan
Lotion it's like fuck you we have you we
haven't put enough effort into educating
ourselves about the things we're
consuming the products were buying and
the people were surrounding ourselves
with we sort of had this reckless
abandon approach to existence and I
agree with what you're saying I think
hopefully I thought about this yesterday
when I was high in a walk yesterday with
my dogs where I hope and one thing that
I've gotten from this is a humility
about existence a humility about being a
human and and all of the things that we
get in just a society but also in
everyday life our needs are have
exceeded what we really need to exist in
our in our wants are beyond what we
really need on a day to day basis it's
greedy
it's so fucking greedy and it's not
serving it's not serving the community
it's a trick to you get tricked into
working harder and wanting more and it's
it's it's working hard for some dudes
you don't know that that like cliche
thing where you're making money job you
hate
to get in a car to drive to a house you
can't afford to be in a marriage that
you haven't put any effort into and to
put the TV on to put the food that's not
good for you in your belly and rinse I
hunt the dogs are dead the dogs not the
cunt usually it's a spouse the dogs the
saving grace sometimes you can get a
fucking rescue dog it's a little bit of
a cunt yeah but you can change that with
behavioral training the same thing as
people you get rescue people yeah but
you can talk to him
dogs are like it takes too much time
yeah it does take a lot of time to train
them well but it is possible they're
puppies it's easy it is easy when
they're puppies you can start from the
behavioral you know from the Ground Zero
with their behavior but I know you're a
big dog freak though you must have had
like one or two dogs Eva Dopp do you
like oh Jesus what kind of project did I
take on yeah it definitely has been I
have one my pitbull my pit Boxer mix
he's been a journey I've had him for
like nine years and when I got him I got
him in Brooklyn in the shelter and it
was like a bully breed shelter you know
pits and Dobermans and German Shepherds
and all the dogs that people are kind of
scared of and it was like three rows of
cages that wrapped around this room and
they were all stacked on top of each
other and I just put my hand up against
each cage just to see how the dog would
react in this stressful talking about
being inside of a baby being a womb
while the mother stressful this is a
similar scenario where these dogs are in
this room and it's stressful in there
all barking so I just put my hand
outside each one just to see their
reactions and carlin was the only one
who when I put my hand in front of his
cage he didn't meet me with aggression
he turned around and showed me his butt
and he let me scratch it and like this
is my dude right here but to that point
the dog's behavior I'm sure you know
this in a in a shelter is not reflective
upon how his behavior will be of course
or sure what the female dogs will be so
it took years of training six years so
much money here's a good question why is
it so fucked up why do we feel so bad
about that happening to dogs but we
don't feel that same way about it
happening to people I think I think
people do but it's also about like your
personal experience and in maybe some
people don't feel like they have the
the means or resources or the ability to
start to help those other areas you know
what I mean like maybe they don't know
how to begin to help like we were
talking about before causes that deal
with child sex trafficking or they don't
know how to start you know where do they
start to help to help homeless people
and things like that I think the dog
situations an easier step to feeling
like you're contributing a little bit I
know for me like that whole thing
changed because you know feeling like I
wanted to help and give back more and
finding purpose I think it's important
in life to find purpose and maybe that's
one of the things that you're talking
about like after my dad passed away I
felt like I wanted to have more purpose
because it made me realize the value of
life and what this is all about and it's
not about what can I get its what can I
give and so I did research into
Alzheimer's and did research into how
could I become an advocate and ways that
I could inspire and help other people
that are dealing with the disease and
it's really a statement on turning pain
into purpose and I think that people who
get dogs maybe they don't have a big
enough purpose yet does that answer the
question
well did I go too deep maybe you just
like dogs I love dogs yeah it doesn't
have to be so crazy well you know really
I know you like to go into the darkness
yeah yeah no there's dogs are like
little love dispensers they're great
they're pure love yeah they're they only
function on love an immediate you know
gratitude they just want to lick your
face I mean my dog crapped in my carpet
last night but that's okay I'm not
taking it personally the problem with
dogs I mean the pound dogs at least is
that sometimes you know they're in for
too long or they're just obituaries just
they're scared they went there because
they were abused it takes a lot of
effort but isn't it crazy that we don't
think the same way about people it is
it's fucked up people that are in prison
for stealing something we're like fuck
I'm keeping the cage like there's
something about like how many people
really should be in prison how many
people really I mean what really should
be in prison
a fraction of what we have yeah there's
people in there that don't deserve and
it's definitely a systemic issue for
sure and it's a it's a it's a almost
like a caste issue when it comes to like
how much money you have it's definitely
like a financial issue - right you know
probably how about nonviolent drug
offenders right think about that
nonviolent drug offenders what do they
do they take them lock them in a cage
but if you're an opiate distributor if
you're if you're a rapist built no no
I'm saying if you're like a pool company
like oxycontin you know what you do you
just get money yeah you just get money
you you you kill how many million people
die every year from oxycontin's I mean
it's it's it what is the worldwide
opiate death 100,000 undred thousand in
this country I don't think it's quite a
hundred thousand seventy-five thousand
it's a fraction of cigarettes which is
really crazy it's a fraction so there's
so so bad
they're the worst but I get what you're
saying it's definitely you know it's you
know you're pumping pharmaceuticals and
that's okay but people who are in jail
because of marijuana yeah it's fucking
ridiculous
it's just possession in some states just
yeah just having it on you having a
couple ounces CDC's response to the
opioid overdose epidemic in 2017 more
than 70,000 people died from drug
overdoses making it a leading cause of
injury-related death the United States a
lot of those deaths almost 68 percent
involved a prescription or illicit
opioid and a lot of these people who get
on to opioids they never did drugs
before that's not a word I say with
confidence opioid opioid it's a tough
one it's what I'm saying I'm I go saying
that right oh boy it's a weird word it's
fucking up the rest of my words cuz it
was like opiates I could say that opioid
and illicit opioid together is it tough
there's so many people dying to that
stuff and so yeah those are illegal
that's legally prescribed we're talking
about a quote/unquote legal drug that is
on the market yeah and they try to give
it to you - I had my nose fixed I had a
deviated septum and they put this thing
in my nose and cut out all the scar
tissue it was really bad like I was
listening to myself talk from like
thirty twenty twenty something years ago
and I I was like god I'm so nasally and
I realized that's what it was like my
nose didn't work it was useless I had
like one quarter of one nostril that I
could get air out of the rest was all
smashed up so they fixed it but it
really didn't hurt and I'm not trying to
be a tough guy really didn't hurt it
just didn't hurt like after is over I
was like yeah my nose is a little numb
but I'm not like ah I'm in pain it's
like it certainly hurts but it's not
like I need a drug and the guy offered
me two different kinds of pills
he offered me like vicodin and and
percocets are one of those fucking
things one of them was hardcore
whichever one it was I was like Jesus
man don't think it I mean they used to
get you know perks for prescribing and
they would get perks for how much they
prescribed out it must be it must be is
that whole pain management system that
was implemented into our hospitals is
also based off of you know from being
able to prescribe opioids yeah in in
companies were giving kickbacks to
hospitals based off of their level of
pain like if you had higher pain you
would get money because that would equal
dollars on the pharmaceutical side of
you prescribing the drug really yeah I
mean I read an article as long as you
got a citation allegedly but I didn't
read that God is crazy the doctor didn't
mean he was like trying to he was wasn't
just encouraging me he was pushing these
things he's like you're gonna need this
and I was like man everybody told me
like oh my god it's the worst things
ever and apparently used to be that they
would pack your nose up with gauze and
then when they pulled the gauze out at
the end of like a week or so it was like
really painful but now they don't even
do that they have like these nose
tampons and they just slide right into
place and they come out after a week or
whatever the fuck it was where I had to
keep it in my nose to keep everything
open after the surgery but it was
nothing and this guy was like you need
pills you need so I'm like I'm telling
you was nothing like it was over it was
like it doesn't feel good but it's not
it doesn't hurt was he trying to Michael
Jackson you was this was this I think
they do that with everybody they just
come they don't want to hear you
bullshit no pain it gets you in line you
whine either
it's a driver my knee is killing me what
to do take those pills I gave you stupid
I feel like a lot of the medic
let me rephrase that there are some
medical professionals because I I do
think that it's an amazing profession
like you said earlier how lucky we are
to have these people who want to help
people as a profession yes but there are
doctors who are lazy and there are
doctors who aren't furthering their
education it's like they go to college
and then they become a doctor and they
get that stamp and that label and then
that's it they don't continue to read
and evolve because information is
evolving every day I mean look at this
kovat crisis something new is coming
about every single day yeah and it was
really apparent when my mother she was
sick she had an issue with her heart and
she went into the doctor and then
immediately the doctor wants to put her
on a bunch of medication not one for the
doctor asked her about her exercise not
once the doctor asked about how she eats
and what her history was with nutrition
didn't even offer like a an alternate
way for her to eat to sort of build her
heart strength from within just wants to
put her right on medication and to me
that's a big issue with our medical
professionals these days they're just
lazy well there's maybe a little bit of
that but also it's like that you can do
you can get a person on medication but
trying to get a person to get their shit
together
it's fucking way too hard it is way too
hard especially if someone's coming to
you with like health issues you can look
at them and go hey man you gotta get
your shit together you're gonna fucking
die
stop eating Twinkies stop your can soda
all day come on I would rather that but
you can't do that they know they're not
gonna look first of all they probably
won't listen they'll get mad at you
they'll say you're fat fat shaming them
you you can't tell someone that they
have to get their shit together and then
boom they get their shit together it's
like a long process and yeah they have
to be fully on board I agree with that I
just think it goes further to the
doctors being not having the care or
whatever it is to to at least provide a
little bit of information I think to be
a doctor to give like a really good
holistic approach like a holistic
response like let's take care of your
whole body let's not think about this
injury let's think about your whole body
why did this injury happen why do you
get sick why you know what's going on
and what can we strengthen let's take a
look at your nutrition let's take a look
at your lifestyle let's take a look at
the amount of sleep you get but
I don't know it's time for that's the
problem doctor like that is really
fucking time-consuming and these doctors
are fucking pumping people in and out of
their office they're dealing with
insurance and malpractice lawsuits and
it's a business too crazy business and
they're still in hock for the fucking
student loans they got together they
stopped to pay those student loans it's
so fucked up shout out to my friend
Steve Graham he was on he was fuckin
struggling with his student loans until
he was like well into his adulthood he's
an ophthalmologist and for him a
catastrophic amount of money that you
have to spend to go to school so it's
that's so unfortunate it's great you you
send them out of the gate with an
incentive to do more surgery because
they're all broke and they're on debt
they're in debt in a big way hundreds of
thousands of dollars imagine you got to
catch up to hundreds of thousands of
dollars it's so stressful and then be
able to operate or prescribe or to be
present to be in the front lines
today but I mean a lot of that is the
breakdown in the overall system the
overall you know health care system is
completely it's it's so disjointed from
really keeping people healthy I know
because it's a business and maybe it's
my hippy heart but isn't there some way
we could shake the shit up so that at
least it's starting to give people
information knowledge and tools so they
can have somewhat of a healthier
existence the problem is people are a
lot like dogs in some ways you know it's
very difficult to learn the bad lessons
you learn when you were young you know
if you like you get a dog from the pound
and their life was fucked up and they're
all sketchy that's the same thing with
human beings it's also the same thing
with diet like people get on a certain
diet when they're really young
their parents are on this shitty diet
it's fucking hard for you to get them
off of that it's ingrained it's a part
of their genetics all animals whether
it's humans or dogs or anything they
seem to get trained by their environment
and then once they're trained once
they've sort of adapted to their
environment and in whatever way they had
to it's really hard to get them to shift
it's really hard to get them to change
its at reinforcements like behavior and
reinforcement like you have to almost
take it upon yourself to wreck
why you're doing something and what is
it that's reinforcing you to do it and
that takes a lot of self awareness and
self work to go oh I'm doing this you
know you know for for a lot of girls
that I know I mean because I'm a huge
female fanbase when I do dr. Peluso on
Mondays thanks to you I'm a doctor I ask
I answer questions for everybody and
sometimes their medical and I'll Google
and try and give a little bit of
information but a lot of times it's
girls like this guy is such a jerk and
you know should I text him back and
you're allowing the assholes into your
life to satisfy that void and inside of
you you know you're sort of allowing
that behavior because that the the
negative effect that you have is like
that reinforcement and just brings you
back into that cycle of trauma and abuse
that you experienced before dude I feel
like I can get deep here with you Joe
and you won't judge me no I don't judge
you it's a father of daughters that's
why I say like do you feel you know a
certain way about raising daughters in
this climate because that's my
experience and I know what it's like I'm
a very hopeful person and my hope oh not
just for my daughters not just for
everyone in this room but for everybody
is that all this stuff is a wake-up call
for us and I think that what we were
talking about these deeply ingrained
patterns of behavior that people get
into and that we need to you know
especially especially with healthcare
but also also with education and all the
things that you you need to to keep your
body healthy and to allow you to advance
in life to give you a chance in life to
be in a place that's crime free to have
nutrition and to have health care and to
have education and if we could give that
to everybody look I've always said like
if we really wanted to make this the
best country ever what would be the
first thing you would do it said well we
need to have less losers we need to have
I mean losers like you know they're weak
or they're I mean like they got dealt
the wrong hand you got born into a
terrible neighborhood that's
crime-infested and it's been this way
for decades and no one's gonna change it
and there's just gangs and drugs you
can't say that someone who's born in
that
neighborhood has the same starting line
as someone who's born in bel-air it's
crazy to say one person right so we got
to figure out how to have more people
have more of a chance and instead of
thinking that it's all for us you know
like the people that that do well like
whether it's through Wall Street or
business instead of steadily continually
chasing more and more money maybe
something like this will make us say
like we gotta reinvest in bringing
everybody up and then there'll be more
competition which would be better for
everybody because you have more people
that are striving to get better and
people pushy do they push you people
that are good push you and you become
better because of them like it's iron
sharpens iron it's in the Bible you need
it you keep moving and then we could
somehow another make things at least
slightly more even because right where
it's not you can't fix it it's a huge
disparity but it's it's not like these
crime-ridden stir this is just what it
is no there's no solution we've put all
the mathematicians and all the social
engineers and we can't fix it the
education aspect is a huge huge issue
like the the access to education access
to safe yeah and the state yeah yeah
right and then healthy food and then
understanding the choices like why why
you want to eat healthy food and what's
the difference and show and educate
people just educate people on that how
many people grow up and they don't even
know that drinking all that sugar eating
all that sugar is gonna fuck you up
long-term what goes back to what you
were saying about the parental influence
you know it's just you it's ingrained
and who you are yeah you know it becomes
that that sort of vicious cycle of rinse
and repeat you know how you how you eat
how you live it's it's it's definitely
an issue but there is something to say
about people who experience severe
trauma and they live in bad
neighborhoods where they go the complete
opposite route you know sure both of us
I mean look at comedians yes I mean
that's born out of a seed of trauma and
you know there's a lot of amazing
business men and women who achieved what
they achieved because of the disparity
they experienced in their childhood so
there is something to the the dichotomy
of the journey from experiencing the
trauma to achieving success but
do agree everyone needs to be lifted up
so that we so that the whole community
can experience the benefit of that it's
the thing about this Cova that makes me
scared on a level like in a little bit
of a level is desperate people do really
bad things yes because they need things
for their family to survive and I'm not
saying that's where we're at right now
it could have gone that route but
imagine having people with access to
safety and education and food everyone
would chill the fuck out a bit right
because he wouldn't be worried about
survival no but still you know this is a
there's so many things that are fucked
up about this right that we've never had
this happen in our lifetimes hasn't
happened in a hundred years there's so
many things that are fucked up about
this but the repercussions we gotta be
real careful about how we manage the
repercussions of starting everything
back up the economy starting it what do
you think is gonna be what do you think
one of the first issues is with opening
things back up that we're gonna
experience drunks comedy shows like that
kind of shit yeah where people gather
movie theaters are probably fucked right
are you saying about the reinfection in
the read I think they're gonna be scared
too people are gonna be scared to go
there they're not gonna want anybody
sitting like right next to each other in
the movie theater like it used to be so
they're probably like multiple seats
that are open so the movie theaters
won't make nearly as much money
probably cut there I mean who knows
probably maybe even more than in half
yeah alright and there's gonna be a lot
of people that are scared to go the
movies and now they also set a precedent
we can watch movies on Apple TV it's not
the same I miss going to movies and I
know that's such a like self-serving
desire and want and it's not necessary
but I fucking miss it I miss going to
the movies never happens at home no one
ever talks at home there's not two
people in front of you having a
conversation what do you think he's
gonna do with that I yell at those
people those fucking I'm an asshole but
that's the problem with going to the
movies like you can't like if you go to
look if you get lucky go lose a hundred
cool people in there you have a great
time I've seen some movies with cool
people like you know I think the makes
me really dictates that as well if
you're in a movie where everybody's
laughing like if it's if it's a killer
movie it's a really funny movie
experience yeah yeah it's yeah
feel the energy but when motherfuckers
talk you know that really doesn't happen
when it's like nerdy movies you know
like film house you know if you go see
like peanut butter Falcon nobody's
fuckin talking you didn't see peanut
butter Falcon was Shia LeBouf is that
how you say his name if it's not we're
gonna say it that way from something
that guys doing in France I'm sorry
they both peanut butter Falcon was this
great movie about this this special
needs kid and his friend that he picks
up along the way in the journey that
they make together like a total you know
feel-good movie but it features this
really talented special needs actor that
it just it's a heartwarming film and
Shia is he's a great actor did you ever
see that thing where he when Trump was
elected he was getting people to chant
he will not divide us he will not divide
us yeah there's something about that
where where was he well this is this is
why it became fight was it reddit or
4chan fortune right that did it fortune
so this is website of mischievious
people called 4chan and they found out
that he had set up on his website he had
a webcam on this flag that said he will
not divide us and he had this firing in
the middle of Oklahoma somewhere on a
web cam streaming on his web site so the
the geniuses these nerd geniuses decided
to triangulate where that was based on
the stars that you could see on the
webcam in the distance they figured out
where it was on planet earth then they
had someone drive around at a truck and
honk the horn while another person was
listening to the webcam and see if it
gets louder or quieter so as they got
closer and closer they've seen you shit
they finally got to the webcam they took
the flag down the guy looks in front of
the camera goes fuck Shia LeBouf that
was a fucking rollercoaster of genius
its genius it was a genius thing but
here's the thing radio lab had a whole
podcast about it it was really
interesting because first of all no one
he got
all right this is not about violence
this is not about terrorism it's not no
one got hurt
a point of view but it's also funny it's
also funny and if you don't think that's
funny well then you must not have had a
job that you hated where you sit in a
cubicle and you google funny shit
because that's funny it's really funny
and look shy it's gonna get over it
if that's all the guy did say fuck Shia
LeBouf that shit's hilarious if that was
me and I was a pretentious fuck and then
decided that said he will not divide us
website no but if I did and they found
my flag and they took it down they went
fuck Joe Rogan
that's brilliant like talented and the
fact that they found it by the stars but
here's the thing fortune they got they
said well it was on this website 4chan
that's been known to be sexist and
misogynistic and all the other istic
sand isms you know and because someone
might have posted like a Hitler frog
with the Frog what's that children's
book you know that Pepe the Frog oh yeah
yeah yes like because on that same
message board somebody might have posted
a picture that other thousands and
thousands of users they'll use something
like that to just to say oh this is just
what 4chan is it straight to groups it's
just the worst people on earth the
biggest monsters ever yeah and people
that found that fucking flag by staring
at the stars okay there that - I don't
think that's amazing you think that's
amazing
it only didn't say fuck Shiloh boo
that's it that's some really talent that
that's like talent that should be
focused in a specific field listen it
probably is they're probably just bored
they're probably tired this fucking shit
and they just they saw it and they're
like this guy I'm going to find it I'm
gonna find that flag and then they put
their nerd minds to the test you know
good it wants to felt to find this
fucking flag that's like a like a movie
like you like find an ex and dig a hole
and find Pirate's Booty yeah it's like a
treasure hunt so you can't omit treasure
hunt treasure hunt and it's so Radiolab
took the podcast down and i love radio
labs one of my absolute favorite podcast
why did I take it down because people
were complaining that they're supporting
4chan by threatening this pocket
that podcast but that's a that's a that
feels like a threat of it freedom of
speech well if people don't like
something we're gonna start taking it
down like no keep it up because only
those conversations are the ones that
move the needle on a societal level like
only those conversations where people
are debating do we learn and grow if we
open ourselves up to that I mean if you
and I sat here and agreed on everything
it'd be a fun conversation but it's also
interesting to have you know alternate
points of view and learn from one
another it's also they didn't do
anything that deserves to have them
nuked from the historical record yeah
exactly if you have people and you have
an open message board which is what it
is and people post awful shit that's
just that doesn't even really represent
who they are most of time when people
are posting they're posting because
they're bored or they want a reaction
it's like it's a terrible way to
communicate with people it is and it's
also find a way to create some sort of
algorithm to block people like that
instead of taking down the the people
who are who are putting up these videos
instead of censoring you should just
block the trolls block the trolls and
they can go someplace else but people in
crying they do that themselves because
they want to get a reaction out of
people they do it's I guarantee like
when you see people that post that Pepe
the Frog with like a Hitler hat on
they're doing this they're doing it to
freak people out no we're doing it that
like because that's their ideology that
they're actually a Nazi the way more of
them are doing it to fuck with you and
they're trying to do it anonymously yes
it's just a weird way to communicate I
experienced that early on during this
whole quarantine thing right was doing a
zoom a podcast by a zoom did you get
zoomed homie whoa I've been hearing
about these what happened so I went to
record my podcast sharp-tongued podcast
shout-out to my own podcast on zoom and
I didn't set the parameters I didn't
know that you there's like settings to
it to make it kind of closed so you can
make it close didn't I sent the link now
could make oh I sent the link out and
everybody who had the link could access
and post and show their video
oh no and I didn't know this cuz this is
like the first week of you know everyone
figuring out zoom and so it's it went
dark web quick there was definitely
someone fucking a woman screaming in the
background people screaming the n-word
at me saying Jesse likes da F likes to
fuck n words and all this craziness and
screaming and like no it was like so
early on I didn't have access to like my
normal producer girl and so I just like
oh I can do this myself I'm gonna like
learn and do it myself and I learned the
hard way to not dip out into the web
people left at their own like their own
expression if they know they're not
being watched or if they're know if they
know that they're not displaying who
they really are they're fuckin dark they
can be but I'm I think even that they're
trying to get a reaction
exactly it's they were trying to get a
reaction it's just a dumb way to
communicate openly with strangers
they got one cuz I was like oh oh wow
what is going on in here you can't have
that you can't have like I had to shut
that down but it was it was a quick
little glimpse into how people will try
and get a reaction out of you yeah
they're bored people are so on edge
right now they're bored out of their
fucking mind for weeks
boredom is fine I'm not afraid of
boredom people are going so bored
fucking learn a language pick up a pick
up a guitar boredom is is a time for you
to put your brain to use or to give your
brain a break you know people really go
on board really go off for a walk can we
not do that can we not go outside in
nature I think people need interests
exactly find something you're interested
in whether it's documentaries on shit or
find something you want to try to learn
how to do find a purpose there's a lot
of things you can learn to do lines I
mean there's no excuse now I mean Yale
even offered that like a course in the
what is it like well being like
something like the Oh who's gonna teach
that course I mean probably some lady
who has a lot of cats but
it was a free course from Yale is the
point like early on there like here -
you could learn all sorts of things in
this I think boredom is an excuse for
laziness Yale should have a course on
stuff like that like self-help people
and hypnotists you know what do you
think about hypnotist like do you think
it's real have you ever been hypnotized
yeah so can you tell me what it's like
well my friend Vinnie Sherman he's a he
does what I do for the UFC he does that
for a lot of Muay Thai events great guy
he's a commentator and he's also a
hypnotist and a mental coach he works
with a lot of fighters and I said I want
to know what it's like he said okay I'll
hypnotize you and I'm like all right
here we go
so he sits me down he counts me through
this thing and next thing you know
you're in this weird state I don't know
how long it took to get me hypnotized a
couple minutes or so but you know I gave
into it like I'm trying to just I was
trying to listen just listen to him he's
a friend I really liked him so it was
easy to trust him and just say all right
let's see what this is all about and I
feel like it puts you in a place where
it cuts down you're still conscious
you're not like at least I was it's not
like you're you know you don't know
what's going on you wake up with your
pants down it's not like that hello
College whenever you text jessiemae will
send me a text but it's there right fuck
it's fu XT and I said why don't you ever
use the C and she goes it's to open it
reminds me of college I was like I'm
going to Japan oh my god that's so
exciting when I was like just kidding
I'm high in sushi so why hey I was
reading this thing about Japan
about their Cova deaths are really low
right now because you talked about it
and totally diverted all the hippies
just saying yeah so oh y'all keep doing
it I keep talking about it but it was
interesting it's like just I wanted to I
wanted to be sounds crazy but my thing
would be to try to figure out how to
distract myself less have less
procrastinate
and you're a procrastinator know very
little but I want to get rid of it even
a little I got laughs it just seems like
maybe it worked before I moved into this
studio but it was just an interesting
way of channeling out all the bullshit
and getting to like sort of the heart of
who you are in this weird way it's like
it gets to this weird Center of you and
then as expands back out to regular
consciousness it's like you're filled in
with the outside world and a lot of shit
remind me a lot of experiences that you
can get or states of mind you can get
what you do the float tank I was gonna
say ketamine but yeah I've never done
that but I know a lot of people are into
that now I don't know what the fuck's
going on I know so many people are doing
ketamine I'm like settle down that kills
people you fucks well I mean if you get
you know the right guy the right person
to do it you could survive ketamine
parties come on over guys we're having
quarantine and I mean parties in my
apartment there's a thing about the flow
tank you get to the state where you can
kind of see things more clearly
you feel like you're one with everything
is strange it's very weird right very
healing though mm-hmm
so it sounds like hypnotism partnered
with the right person could be a way to
get into your mind and sort of do some
therapy yeah for sure yeah because
that's what float tank was for me as
well I think it's real similar because
he it leaves you alone other than the
fact that when you do hypnotism you
you'll be suggested you'll have be
having a conversation with the therapist
the person who's doing it to you I'm
only basing it on my one experience I've
seen some other hypnotism stuff online
but I've only had it done once but I
think that as people learn how to float
and learn how to relax you can kind of
use your inner voice and you can guide
yourself through various aspects of
things that you find troubling things
that are bothering you
things patterns bad patterns you keep
recreating these anxieties yeah and
perspective and I think that there's a
real value to being alone with your
thoughts and there's no better place to
be alone with your thoughts in a flow
time yeah sensory deprivation I think
it's just it's a sense it's a in a way
it's like a self hypnotism there's
there's something to it that's
interesting that's an interesting
approach I think
we'll be right it's almost like you're
in you're in a womb in the womb again
and yeah you're you're free of all the
bullshit it really helps you just let
the fuck go mm-hmm let go of your ego of
your worry and all of that do you float
a lot oh shit Hank right here yeah
that's right it's the beautiful thing
about it is that it it gets you away
from all the other information like
you're always getting information
there's always something coming at you
and most of its subliminal you don't
even realize the effect it's having on
your brain or and/or and in all of those
synapses that are firing and at some
point they need to relieve themselves
and when you're sleeping I'm sure it
affects your ability to go into those
deep REM cycles you should get like
three or four a night maybe you don't
get as many because all day long were
inundated with these phones and these
screens and the sounds and especially us
were in the city there's value to
removing yourself from a highly
populated area that's the one thing I
realized about this quarantine is the
appeal of the rural life yeah you know I
was talking with Justin our friends from
a BX and he was showing me a video of
his home and it's just all this
beautiful grass just green don't tell
anybody where he lives
I won't was just beautiful if you guys
I'll send you the video you guys can
geotag it by the blades of grass you
fucking nerds - article jessiemae
supports 4chan protesting for 4chan yeah
i just think there's a value to like
surrounding yourself in nature and for
you you know I'm sure you've provided
yourself in existence that represents
your values in life but do you feel like
the way you live right now in your house
and your home feels like a real
homestead to you or does it still feel
out of place because you wish you were
someplace else
well when things like this happen one
thing you realize there's two things you
realize one that there's it's really
nice to have a nice community I have a
bunch of nice neighbors I love that I
wave to them I love that like we talked
to each other I love that it's not only
sweet it means a lot to you when shit
gets weird you know when you have a
bunch of nice people that live near you
but - makes me realize the value
being able to grow your own food like if
you lived on a fucking farm and some
shit went down you wouldn't have to go
anywhere you could you've got animals
and vegetables and you're managing
everything and you know if you have live
on a small organic farm that's like the
move is the move is you have a small
organic farm and then you have a few
friends that live on this property with
a small organic farm and you split time
and you share the value of the resources
of the stuff that you grow yourself you
could get away from having supermarkets
if you did that you really could you
know who lives like that the actor who
played Shazam Zachary Levi I like that
guy a great guest on here he speaks a
lot about mental health and he has a
really yeah
he's great on the marvelous mrs. Mazal
oh he was wonderful he was such a great
supporting character to her yeah but in
Suzanne was amazed over fun where she
lives like that he's got like a communes
sex which sounds oh how they do it it
always starts like God we're just gonna
grow tomatoes together you know he's
gotta fuck your wife you have to give
them ten percent
it's literally wanderlust ooh that movie
wanderlust has anybody ever done a cult
write anybody
well what's doing a cult right how would
you what would the Joe Rogan cult look
like Campbell's the problem is in you
die and someone else takes over and they
fuck it up that's what happens with
every good empire if you figure it out
the first time if you get it right would
you oppose you have people drink the
punch no too much work so much work but
I'm amazing that no one liked the last
one to come up with a good one was like
Scientology right that's the last one
that's stuck 20th science fiction author
by the way yes really bad science
fiction author really bad but it talks a
lot and says a lot to the power of
persuasion you
read his stuff no III need to read a
stock okay like Harry Potter it's all
first draft there's never a second draft
it's the most nonsense and narcissistic
but it's bonkers like it's the stuff
it's bonkers like some of the some of
the reading like he would break these
stories and you'd get paid like you know
like a penny a word or some shit like
that and he would write like a bunch of
them for like strange times magazine
stuff like way back in the day like this
is what he did before he created
Scientology he wrote these stories and
you know like what was the one that John
Travolta movie that they may have a
filter that's damn Jaime he's a wizard
you got that mushroom coffee going he's
a wiz Jesus are you an Asian I see that
did you ever see Battlefield Earth it's
all with the eyebrows using when Epson
homers didn't write back and it was John
Travolta's like lifelong dream to turn
that movie into one of the most
preposterous movies of all time we
turned that book he turned that book
into a masterpiece he looks like every
white guy who wishes he was black look
at look at the dreads look look at their
they're supposed to be giant and the
humans are these little tiny people is
that Forrest Whitaker
oh my god yeah so anyway this movie is
it's like showgirls you ever watched
showgirls for fun a great movie for fun
so bad you're like what in the fuck it's
like there's a lot of movies like that
that are great because they're awful I
need to rewatch this yeah he looks like
a dude who hacky sacks in a park during
the day please do this for me and for
your fans for me and for your fans spark
up and do a fight companion for
Battlefield Earth you earth for the
first time and cue it up so that people
can watch along they'll just see you but
they could like to watch Battlefield
Earth on one screen and you on the other
if they queue it up at the same time
they'll get you reacting to the movie
that's such a good I'm gonna do that for
the next podcast that's a great idea I
think you might have to have headphones
on because you probably couldn't have
the content of it streaming right my
mind has blown that he rewrote this oh
you got to read some of the stuff he
wrote you read some of the stuff you
wrote you it's just terrible
it's it so is this like is this it's bad
it looks really good your mind feels
like it's so bad it's just like what is
what the fuck you doing the fuck are you
doing but people like that and I've said
this about Hitler and people who are
just people who have these massive
capabilities of persuading just a
massive people like like l ron hubbard l
ron hubbard it's like a missed
opportunity to do something good
well there's an have you ever read that
book lauren was Lawrence Wright's book
is that what is clear is it is it
Lawrence right is that who wrote it I
think it is the book on Scientology is
amazing I mean fucking amazing and they
did a was it an HBO series he did on it
they did some anyway it just it's a book
about like it's books about it's about
how he created it how l ron Hubbard
created the I was given director in
screenplay okay that's that was a
lawrence there was a book written - yeah
there was a book written - going clear
maybe it's going clear that this is
called that's called going clear I
wonder like you know in marketing how
there's like a tipping point to like
where things become like the same thing
so go and clear Lawrence Wright - okay
so I think the other one is the Alex
Gibney directed the long is that what it
is they're both must be anyway the the
story behind it is he was self helping
himself so he was psychologically kind
of fucked up and he was sort of self
diagnosing and self medicating City give
himself therapy by taking a lot of these
principles of different self-help books
and different psychology books that he
had read and then he started applying
that and they started putting that
together with some like fuckin UFOs you
have fuckin like Tony Robbins on crack
but when I forget what the directors
name and they're going clear on HBO it
is you know it's fucking amazing and one
of them there's this guy who's a
big-time Hollywood guy who was in
Scientology I forget what he's a
director right with Agatha yes that guy
and Paul like he's a really really
respected Hollywood guy right
makes movies and he's deep into this
thing right probably given to millions
of dollars to somebody and then finally
he gets to read these handwritten notes
that he's been waiting for like this is
the you're on to the next level and he's
like is this am I being trolled but he
thinks it's like almost like a test next
level like it's Super Mario Brothers
exactly like Super Mario Brothers but
that's kind of smart
that's smart marketing well a sense of
achievement like you've achieved
something different and that's like what
I was saying like do you think how in
marketing there's like a tipping point
to when things become viral and more
popular do you think there's like a
tipping point to Scientology just the
floodgates opened and then everybody was
sort of well here's it the following if
you follow a lot of the tenets of things
like Dianetics all these self helped him
if you follow the good stuff you can
actually do better and you'll do better
because you're also focusing on the fact
that you're following this path that's
gonna do better so your intention your
focus and your during your day is of
improving and doing better and applying
all of that so a lot of people that
whether they join this or whether they
take something less benign like Tony
Robbins stuff which is very motivational
but without the cult mostly I mean he's
not your guru
he's he seems really good for a guy
that's experienced what he's experienced
but to be that doing that kind of stuff
for this long I'm actually reading a
wake awake the beast within read
unlimited power like in 1989 or
something shit was great there's a lot
of great stuff in it but those people
that if you're if you're one of those
people that's doing something like that
like the Giant at the beast giant yeah
who's the other example that I used the
the other motivational dude with Jamie
help how did we both forget I said Tony
Robbins and who else anyway point is
there's people want something that
guides them in a positive direction if
they think it's gonna be Tony Robbins or
if they think it's gonna be Scientology
they're trying to do better right so if
you
say well Scientology really helped my
life it did but why did it help your
life it helped your life because you
decided to focus on doing better in your
life and you use the tenets of
Scientology which some of them are
really good yeah I read Dianetics I read
like a couple of chapters it's like
religion there are aspects of it that
you can apply to your life and it's
benefit from it but then there's the
couple who start rivals the tribal side
that gets crazy with everything though
look how focused Tom Cruise's he is very
focused where is he having his ankle
broken half doing mission impossible do
you see that shit was that when he
jumped on the wall dude he's like holes
set a hundred and seventy two he's at
least 56 he's 5000 years old he's from
another gal 57 okay do you think you
could take him seven years old 57 years
old he jumps from one building all the
way to the other who this fucking rope
attached to him and Miss hits it and
slams his ankle into the side of the
building you see his foot compresses
ankles fucks Ville why do they allow in
the movie contractor they're like yeah
we're gonna have Tom or do you think he
Drew's was like fucking I'm gonna do it
he's gonna do it and you could eat shit
all day because he's fucking Tom Cruise
yeah you can't handle the truth he's
looking all that helicopter piloting for
the mission movie - yeah what they said
and showed but he's a legit maniac I
love him or hate him that guy is a legit
maniac a badass actor if you don't think
he is watch interview with the vampire
and shut the fuck up yeah that's a good
one he was amazing
also legend for the ladies who are
listening from the 1980s ladies from the
80s the legend what Tom Cruise was in
the legend you remember that movie are
you your nerd that's right you'd watch
that I remember that movie that was a
dope it was really hang no yes no it is
why did he look like Donald Trump son no
this is him really hanging on right no
no no I have chills
yes oh god are you for real yes I have
such a height a flick do you understand
how hard that is to do no no Chris I
wouldn't do it this crazy fucks hold it
on a plane
do you attribute that to Scientology yes
only well only other way he could have
done so also he's flying this helicopter
for real so he's doing this crazy
helicopter stunt for real by himself
this fucking maniac
no she drives race cars now is that a
death isn't it remember when I said
about playing pool you watch someone
play pool in a movie talk shit he looked
good money of sociopathy that's playing
there why do you have to find negative
why can't you just look at there's a
question I didn't say a question they're
making it happen Jesse may why on the
dark side just look at these fucking
crashes that he has riding his
motorcycle you just kind of think out of
all the people that have done all the
action movies who is who's wild in this
motherfucker he's the Michael Jordan of
action movies whose wilder than this
motherfucker look legitimately
at Vin Diesel you have to be it is it's
it's a lot it's the name that comes with
a lot of attitude do you think Tom
Cruise is like a is he a daredevil or is
it I think he's does do you think he
thinks he's an immortal because of
Scientology hmm I think you think he
gets his own planet when he dies or is
that a Mormon that's a Mormon right
Mormons get their own planet they do
yeah yeah fuck dude there's a fucking
album from Johnny Murray or the Osmond
Brothers from the Osmond Brothers and in
the inside the album when you open it up
from back in the days a the album the
name of the album is the name of this
thing that happens when you get your own
planet when you die and then there's
always different people they all have
their own planet okay we need to know
that the plan okay that looks like is
that it a cult which one is it I think
it's the planet look at the pink people
there's one that you open it up and then
the inside of it it's got all the
different so I remember I remember we
did this before I just I know we did in
fast joe rogan your treasure chest of
information useless shit I told you my
chimp brain is overused it's taxed the
information just stumbling out of it out
of nowhere makes for perfect podcast
fodder though oh you reminded me member
when I said every ill and it works well
in macabre I wanted to tell you
something speaking of chimps I was
reading this thing about sperm
competition in correlation with with
sack size yeah the size of the balls and
as I was reading that Joey Diaz video
[Laughter]
and so he calls me last night and he's
like what are you doing beautiful Mike
I'm just hanging out what are you doing
is it calming and not with the missus in
the kid and I was like what sounds nice
and he goes did you check out those nuts
[Laughter]
it was like yes I did Joe they they're
math they're not nuts they're fucking
planetary systems it's a universe I've
never seen nuts like that in my life
what happened the violation didn't they
get like a legitimate violation from
that I hope so he just it looks like a
Louis Vuitton bag he's so proud he's
like a kid he's like a fucking
four-year-old I love him so much look at
he called me to be sure I'm a fucking
live stream for the college too people
don't realize how necessary of a person
Joey Diaz is somebody who pushes the
ticket like this who literally moves the
needle with his nutsack he's such a he's
a he's a national treasure he really is
I love him so much
but I just one of a kind but that's a
great example like he experienced the
fucking crazy it's the craziest life one
of the craziest lives of anybody that's
out of any of my friends and look what
happens on the other end because of that
you know and he's so gracious and he's
so good to his friends and he's such a
big heart you know on the other side of
all of that it's just it's so weird how
much of who you are is based on these
sort
random circumstances and how you come
out of them yeah well I think you know a
lot of it has to do with the absence and
relationship to love and safety
throughout your lifetime yeah in what
your relationship to love is because
like when you're born as a creature your
job is to get love and then as you get a
little older you learn how to love and
then as an adult you learn how to give
love and if that process is interrupted
along the way it's going to affect how
you express that outwardly to people in
your life and for someone like Joey Diaz
who as most people know experienced
almost every kind of trauma and in crazy
life experience you can have in a single
lifetime for him to come out on the
other side who he is it's a testament to
I don't know a greater thing going on
yeah a bigger he's also a bigger picture
he consciously made a decision to be a
different person yeah because I remember
I heard you talking about how you'd
bring him on the road and yeah and it
wasn't always you know sometimes it was
difficult he just had a real bad drug
problem back then you know he's talked
about it pretty openly he just liked to
do coke and sometimes he showed up but
sometimes he didn't and my take on it
was I did want to not work with Joey
like I love Joey did you love him
immediately when you met him yeah yeah I
don't think there was more than a couple
weeks after Joey and I met that we were
like best friends that's adorable he's
not but I grew up around wild people
he's a wild person chaos oh yeah I love
it
yeah but like people like him was like
ah like when I was growing up I always
felt I was felt out of place
I didn't live with my real dad I live
with my stepdad we you know we traveled
around a lot so I was a lot of times I
was the new kid and I I just didn't feel
like I mate like I fit in with I looked
at other people's lives with the mom and
dad were together and the kids never got
in trouble and everyone was doing well
in school I looked at them like almost
like they were aliens I go scared of
them and I gravitated towards people
that were like you know I haven't seen
my dad since I was three my mom's been
selling heroin and
all right we're friends yeah I know like
I and then through all my choices just
sort of coincidentally whether it's
through martial arts and then through
comedy it's sort of reinforced that like
it wasn't my my thought when I was 17
years old thinking I didn't fit in
anywhere
it wasn't my thought I know what I'll do
I'll go seek out like stand-up comedians
and fighters and they'll understand me
yeah people sort of represent my own
people are also fucked up yeah people
who are also like like people who also
came from a less just not a sub-optimal
childhood to say it because I wouldn't
have a bad childhood there's many people
that had way worse childhoods and me
wasn't bad but it wasn't good so it's
like so going over it and trying to
think how many people are living whaler
worst childhoods way worse and then they
have to correct as they're becoming an
adult while they're working and they're
in relationships to have self-awareness
to know what it is and then fucking
business with a million different things
they're not even concentrating on
themselves it says which is the thing
you have to do is you think about - if
you have to get good at anything right
if you want to get good at playing
basketball you got to concentrate on
playing basketball to be focused that's
Jamie he's actually a basketball wizard
those lives got a nice Jimmy Jamie his
three points are out of control but you
have to concentrate on that how many
times do people concentrate on being a
better person concentrate on who you are
concentrate on why you react to things
the way you do or whether or not you're
pursuing your passions with a hundred
percent of your enthusiasm or whether or
not you could be more successful if you
got up earlier and got more done it just
had a better attitude about things be
just just more focused so it's hard it's
hard the ego gets in the way of the self
and it's those you know that self work
the self respect in self care that you
have to embark on but first shift
self-awareness and to discover that
requires a whole other a whole other
situation and an ability to access your
humility you got to be brave you have to
be very very brave like that that's I
mean not like brave like you're about to
go stab a bear but brave ease yourself
you're
is a different kind of bravery it's like
there's some bravery and this is the
thing with men right the big thing with
men is um men tend to be more inclined
to place value on being brave in
physical situations brave we save
somebody brave realist risked your life
brave where you did something that was a
dangerous thing for the good of all or
for the good of your loved ones but then
the other kind of bravery the kind of
emotional bravery will you look at
yourself like accurately men towards
they tend to shy away from that or to
frown on that even I agree with that but
it takes a kind of bravery to look at
yourself accurately too it's a kind of
bravery but it's still it's a daunting
thing to sort of dissolve your
pre-existing notions of who you are and
look at yourself with fresh lenses have
your daughters help you access that
vulnerability about yourself or is it
sure yeah anytime you're raising little
people and you realize like how
dangerous the world is for little people
and then these little people you love
them as much as any person you've ever
loved times ten in your whole life it's
impossible to describe every parent I'll
tell you it doesn't even make sense when
you see them you just get a like a love
drug just floods through you it's
different it's different and it's so
it's so important and as a girl who was
a daughter of her girl dad it's so
important for you wait a minute you were
what the daughter of the world have a
dad who had a girl okay it makes me
emotional but I had a really really
great dad and dude do not cry I will
fucking come over there right now but
for you to love your daughters that love
will carry them through all sorts of
shit that they're gonna experience that
you cannot avoid well you're not going
to be able to be there and protect them
the way you want to as a dad so like
you're just loving them gives them all
the strength they need for their entire
life and I'm sure you know that but I
just want to express it to you because I
am that girl too like my father loved me
so so much so it's such a responsibility
because in order to
express that love is a man you have to
have a humility about yourself and you
have to be real about your
vulnerabilities so it's it's an
achievement as a guy but also just as a
man in the society to do what you're
doing
so you're you're creating healthy girls
and we need more healthy girls in the
world so thank you well you're welcome
I'm doing my best I'm doing my best to
be a good dad but I think we all need to
realize and this is one of the things
that I really realized when I started
raising kids as time went on I recognize
that I don't look at people the same way
anymore look at them as babies that
became people where I used to always
look if I met you like oh here's Jessie
Mae in 2020 and this is how she's always
been that's just how I would think oh
there's Jessie man hiya
I know what you look like I see you all
the time hey Jessie Mae but I didn't I
would never think oh that was like a
little two-year-old yeah this little
two-year-old who was walking funny and
dancing when music was coming on yeah
ago and then life just sort of like puts
you through the ringer and does this
good and that bad and this better and
that worse and then boom here you are in
2020 and it made me think of the whole
path of human beings rather than just a
static thing that you see in front of
you right now
that's like enlightenment that's a form
of enlightenment that's you you know
you're an evolved human to think that
about people well it's not it's just
seen it in real time
like watching my kids grow up and watch
them become these little intelligent
things I can have conversations with
little personalities forming and
watching just when you have a little
person and that all sudden that person's
a big person or sitting across you
having a conversation with them it's
very surreal
there's having full-on conversations
with this person that didn't even exist
yeah that you saw grow and get bigger
how was the quarantine changed or
evolved your relationship with them like
is it brought up any few experiences
with with my family and I think with all
my friends it's made everybody a little
more appreciative made everybody
appreciative of each other yeah made
everybody realize like hey this is this
really can happen okay now that we know
that everything really can
shut down we've kind of all known this
before it's sort of like what we're
talking about earlier like we have this
ability to block out all this stuff
we're doing it doesn't affect us right
now and I think something like this
quarantine something like this pandemic
makes you realize there holy shit or
vulnerable they're really vulnerable and
this is what's important what's
important is staying alive and we were
all on momentum we were all on momentum
just running around but considering you
know Buffalo drivers were the Native
American creating them no Native
Americans used to they call it's called
a buffalo jump actually Native Americans
used to chase these Buffalo off the side
of a cliff and so the the buffer would
be running and the ones in the front
will go oh fuck there's a cliff and they
go to turn around and there's a thousand
Buffalo behind you running full clip
you're going over the edge so they would
all go over the edge and then the the
Native Americans would come around the
front and and pick up the Buffalo and
take them well that's what we're like
we're like we're on this crazy momentum
we're just getting up and this working
all day and doing this and all this
momentum and you fucking upset and your
blood pressure's up and then boom
something like this happens and yeah
it's terrible yeah I wouldn't wish it on
anybody but there's an opportunity in
this moment to reset your perspective
and slow the fuck down get off the
hamster wheel get off the hamster wheel
and go why why am i living like this and
what am i doing to contribute how I'm
living how are my behaviors choices and
decisions contributing to the life that
I have in and I think I don't know about
you but for me I've been really asking
myself is the life I'm living the one
that I want to live and how can I
improve it is the travel thing the thing
that bugs you the most yeah it's so
exhausting and it's you know it's
exhausting on a cellular level and it's
it you know it's stressful it's it ages
you it it really does it really does
beat you up when you fly every week it
beats you up when you fly every week and
in it also I'm a big energy person and I
like to conserve my energy and I don't
like to give energy to people who are
you know emotional vampires and I'm very
specific about where I put it
but traveling doesn't give a fuck about
that it'll pull from that energy source
as much as it wants to and you know like
you I love comedy and I love to perform
and give my all on stage and from
tired from a flight sometimes those
shows are great I don't know if you've
had those ones we haven't slept at all
and you go on stage and just like fuck
it but for the most part I like to be
rested and yeah you want to be rested
you want to be where your brains firing
yeah where you're not even thinking when
you're in that like sweet zone to just
it's almost like a natural reaction to
the moment isn't it weird how dumb you
can get sometimes like for me like I
know me and everybody all of us we all
have to admit that there's a range that
we operate in we're on fire like we're
brains fire in everything makes sense
everything's going good get have a great
conversation you understand what people
are saying you're stimulated and where's
my keys what's that guy's name we were
saying what the fuck did I just say how
do words work yeah sometimes my brain is
like and sometimes it's like ah
sometimes it's like a racecar and
sometimes it's like a car with some
shitty spark plugs it can barely make it
out of the driveway
have you found aspects of your life that
contribute to you feeling like you're oh
yeah what do you what do you attribute
it to exhaustion it's a big one
exhaustion is a big one I was doing
podcast earlier in the day but I would
do them straight from working out it's
just too hard especially running Hills
yeah you're out there with Marshall yeah
or yoga yoga kick your ass too before a
podcast I had to give myself an extra
hour after the class before I try to do
a podcast what's your routine after you
work out hard like what do you do right
after you work out I was replenish I
always get finish yeah eat some food
your body wants a protein and some if
you're eating carbs your body wants some
glucose and your body definitely wants
some electrolyte so I always take
electrolytes and you know I just are you
a person who naps don't I can't imagine
you napping like a napping bear I don't
sleep at night I sleep good I sleep I'm
a solid seven eight hours sleeper every
night I need a nap what's the first
thing you do in the morning
give us what is regular morning routine
are you the FBI yeah I've got people
recording this
I'm sure we can find out where you are I
usually do some kind of workout either
I'll do something with the dog will do
the hills or I'll work out here kick the
bag that kind of shit yeah lift weights
depending on what day it is I just
decide like today I'm gonna do this I
just have a series of workouts too that
I've been doing forever that I can sort
of plug in a whiteboard or write shit
down the whiteboard and you've been
consistent through quarantine as well
you've been taking it easy on exercising
you've been doing that amping it up
because I don't want to be I don't want
to be edgy you know I want to be relaxed
and you also don't want to be like the
people from Wally what what's up with
fat people
Oh people just get lazy everything's
done for there's no excuses if you're
home all day there's no excuse to go to
the gym for one hour and by the way you
don't even need a gym yeah don't you
need like a kettlebell you don't even
need that you can do bodyweight shit
there's a shit ton of things you could
burn yourself out on just with body
weights especially if you have a chin-up
bar body weights you know dude I can do
four do you have the one that go
can you really yes that's very good is
it yes it's very good I feel good I
thought it was terrible I thought why is
it with people who where's your mouth
and so a shit you would never say like
do you say bitch a lot but not in like a
derogatory yeah I say bitch - is it the
kind of hang over the door or is it one
that's screwed and screwed into the wall
good is that good
yes better the ones that hang over the
door freaked me out yeah in the bitches
who don't look we have to like before
you decide your Instagram Fitness
Instructor let's read the instructions
of how to put those bands in your door
because there's so many people out there
that are putting them on the door and
slapping themselves in the back I'm
noticing a lot of not all not all you
ladies not all but a lot of these ladies
that have the Fitness accounts also have
like an only fans accounts oh yeah
they're showing titties and clitty cats
they're showing and you know what in
today's economic climate it might be
right behind
I'll dress my butthole up for you we
painted our dazzling nose I'll get it
I'll get a really good artist to paint
my butthole like a famous person and
then you have to guess who it is that's
a good idea
yeah have you seen that one lady we've
talked about it before on the podcast
that makes that visual art the with
painting paints eyeballs and shit on
people's faces well remember that one
particularly ever there's a lot of girls
know the body paint stuff and do a bunch
of crazy stuff probably 3d stuff yeah is
that what you're looking at you're
getting really artistic with a face and
body paint that's interesting weird
stuff so yeah you could you could do
that to your but although yeah I think I
might name thing I might do that I did
make a butthole candle it smells like my
butthole I bet you didn't I did how much
you wanna bet wrong how much you wanna
bet bet you're wrong I bet it doesn't
smell like your butthole
oh well we can't how would we even cash
in on this test I'll blindfold off so I
can't see anything just back it up
oh okay we need to do a companion
episode what do you think it smells like
like an asshole smells like a field not
a wallow smells like vanilla and leather
Oh like leather
what's her name grant Paltrow scandal
yeah I was like everybody knows what
vaginas smell like we need a BA okay did
you come up with this idea after her
this is like some next-level shit I came
up with that idea I got really stoned
really really stoned and I was like
here's Gwyneth Paltrow pussy candle what
other body parts could I meet all creeps
the creepiest guys at your show just
looking at you it's do do they do
there's a lot of foot fucks out there
I'm on Wikipedia somehow congratulations
thank you it's I'm stating all my
alkaloids Wikipedia yeah it's another
area of a woman's life you have to be
worried about but yeah my feet right
comment like if you if there's even a
toe and a fucking photo some dude comes
out from the earth
like some little slithering worm and
he's like I see Joe doesn't my Annie
Lederman so funny she blares pictures
she has her feet in them and they're all
pixelated yeah now she could have an
only fans account where that bitch can
retire if you're if you're a woman in
this climate and you don't have anything
to do retire on your butthole retire on
your feet the world is like I mean
depends on how much money they're giving
you every month but you don't need like
a lot of people to sustain you know and
it's it's much smarter for a smaller
price to attract you know a certain
number of people I think the legitimate
Fitness girls get mad at the naked
Fitness girl absolutely I mean right
well people there's always people
worried about it diluting their own
industry but these motherfuckers they
they define the industry they also
define the standards because if they're
if there's gonna be a high standard
there has to be a low standard don't you
think with every industry
I mean how it's a J becomes a different
thing right this is because for one like
the fitness thing for sure it's
inspiring girls to want to look like her
and like do this and ten lunges and this
isn't that not for sure but also a bunch
of guys who want to fuck her absolutely
but when you dip into the world of
here's my naked pictures for X amount a
month then you're in a different realm
because then the other girls that are
just like the fitness girls who are just
they're really expressly trying to
motivate women to get fit and they're
showing all these exercises and every
day they're doing crunches and telling
you to push it and keep going and don't
quit one time I thought about quitting
but I didn't Here I am but also here's
my pussy I think oh gosh can you have a
girl who's like a really motivating
Fitness girls got like the abs and like
the midriff showing wearing the yoga
pants and look like a badass I think you
can have it be honest about it and see
your pussy you have to be she's got to
be honest she's got to be like hey I am
a I am a I'm here for Pilates and pussy
that's you've got like don't here's the
thing about drives me nuts those girls
acting like they aren't also pussy girls
you're also a pussy girl what does that
mean a pussy girl you know what it means
he knows what it means he's googling it
he's out there he knows the girls but
there's a girl shows her pussy's a pussy
there's enough space for everybody it
should be but a lot of bitches ain't
well hatin bitches should focus their
hate into something that can benefit
them
Cindy's over here just working on their
lunges and try and put together a good
program for you and Debbie's showing her
whole asshole $5 whore she's ruining my
sweat business with her butthole one
butthole took my whole business down and
he's all about those squats but there's
there's enough people for both areas
don't you think no you don't stand off a
Mexican stand like a goddamn western
movie of Clint Eastwood they should have
to do they should have to actually do a
physical test they should have to like
to squat each other out whoever can do
them whoever dies first is done well
it's weird because they're in like a new
category like oh let's stop it no new
category like the female fitness
influencer that didn't exist it never
existed I just googled only fans and
there's actually a story that's not
heard about this this lady is a mechanic
and apparently a very talented mechanic
and the boys at work found out she also
has an only fans account where she shows
ly cooter and they fired her hypocrite
so they were they were the guys were
harassing her at work and talking about
it could because she had created all
this problem only if it might encourage
her co-workers to approach you with an
unwanted sexual conduct or comments so
that's why they fired please give me a
break you know the wives choice of all
let's cut the shit she should be happy
this is gonna make her way famous way
more people are paying attention to her
only fans account than ever would have
forever before congratulations you hit
the lottery you worked with creeps and
you played it well and you got paid and
they did me a favor by firing you also
favor also my car is making a weird
squeaky noise could she
seriously hit me up girl I could use a
little work under the hood if you know
what I'm saying what were we just saying
we were talking about only fans accounts
just before that what hulls influences
like right before like who was the first
one I did it might have been fucking
Jane Fonda oh she's the old John no
shoot song it was way before the Jane
Fonda didn't she do after movies she got
into videos why do you think she looks
that good
she's like a hundred and seventy two
she's not the no I know she's like 82
exaggerating I am exaggerating but
you're right she she was like the first
fitness influence she was due making
videos back in like the 70s and 80s but
if you can you name one other one from
that era Suzanne Somers much he's the
fat one though she just wanted that but
that's her thing was about losing fat
the losing fat one that was a thing stop
the insanity
Susan summer stop powder you're right
Suzanne Somers ThighMaster Three's
Company
Susan powder was right the other one
Suzanne powers want to the shaved head
potato potatoes right wasn't that if you
just eat potatoes you will lose weight
it does work because you're so bored you
don't need that much and so your body
just naturally starts eating itself and
you get thinner and weaker yes
congratulations fucking terrible
congratulations you tried to survive on
potatoes yes Suzanne Somers another one
right she did the ThighMaster videos and
the dishes that that thing of squeezing
your pussy together is that like the
most sexually suggestive of all athletic
devices like how many people are really
concentrating on firming up the center
of their thigh a lot of bitches come on
there was like also the first only fans
account she's out there just doing
kegels
yeah that's a cool it's like an outside
Kegel yeah it's like you can you're
tightening up all the muscles it's like
are you working your neck muscles no I'm
just doing traps you're working in there
you got to do your kegels soon and
especially in quarantine there's plenty
of time to be doing a squeeze you got to
squeeze that pussy
make it tight look at her make it tight
making right body good lord
who was your like lady of the Horde of
your like youth that you liked everyone
liked like Farrah Fawcett liked her
Suzanne Somers was hot she was like the
rare combination of hot and funny what
about like she was on Three's Company oh
yeah she was you're right she was
talented you ever watch the like the
whole story of that it's like one of
those behind the scenes stories like
there's a contract dispute were they all
Boni John Ritter no I think she wanted
more money I think yes that's right yeah
John Ritter was making the lion's share
of the loop and she was like you know
what we need to have favorite nations
here
there was one season where they she was
like on vacation and she would like call
into the show like she was never no I'm
not kidding she was like on the phone
like talking them like that was all she
was in because the contract was the
negotiation it was well there I think
they were punishing her or because of
the contract negotiations they didn't
want her to be a major part of the show
where she could hold the show up say
look you got one scene and we could
delete it if we want she's like fuck you
you're strong my pussy is I will break
out I think she I think she developed
her strong pussy has a response to this
she probably did do kegels guys can do
kegels to pelvic floor exercise you can
you can't dudes can do it too it's a
good dude exercise so you don't you know
I don't know if you guys have a pant
pissing issue like women do when they
get a little older oh Jesus women with
kids they laugh too hard the pistol
which is what I'm going for it my show
because I want bitches the pistol pick I
bet you've done it already yeah it
should be an app where every time you
pissed yourself
at a comedy show you can click it I'd
like to see which which person makes
it's no longer laughter it's all about
the piss factor I mean that's piss for
certain it's not like an indicator for
everybody but for some people it's an
undeniable indicator yes like if someone
in the middle of like we have a look you
say you didn't laugh at the show that's
interesting Tammy because it shows here
when Jesse may hit that punchline you
pissed your pants we read the song
factor here and they're fucking haters
there's some saturation in that little
slice of cotton yeah you're you're
already
as soon as as soon as
it's that's piss obviously piss what um
what do you think's gonna happen all
this are we gonna be back on the road no
for a while yeah I think people are
gonna be weirded out despite all these
studies that have come out and people
keep sending me more and more articles
that are being written saying that this
is not as dangerous as the flu but
that's not really true
because they're basing it on how much
people died how many people died from
the flu every year when we don't
quarantine right so this is this is
quarantine and the amount of people is
equal to or greater than most seasonal
flus and it's faster it's a little more
aggressive it's very aggressive but it's
also weird because some people get it in
nothing so it's confusing because it's a
new thing it is very confusing to new
does it look we're very lucky it's not
targeting babies and children we're very
very lucky yeah you know we're very
lucky yeah and it sucks it is targeting
old people and it sucks is targeting
obesity seems to be the number one thing
they said in New York City there was a
number one thing that the patients had
the roughest time so that it had in
common I mean obesity that's like one
umber to killer it's like it's way up
there I mean diabetes it's such a if
you're obese you're susceptible to most
of the diseases and issues that arise
with I think that's also what scares
people about opioids as opposed to
cigarettes like cigarettes kill you but
they kill you slow yeah it is a slow
burn no pun intended they play it nice
obesity yeah that's painful
yeah it's an expensive many joints go
it's it's it's brutal I mean it looks
painful for people remember like the
Maury Povich Show or they would have to
like no fee when Ralph he was alive and
was he I'm not trying to be
disrespectful to him at all but his
point of passing was he had his heaviest
I don't think so I wonder if he had
fluctuated throughout he fluctuated he
even had some operations but talk about
somebody stapled who obviously
experienced a lot of you know a lot of
pain a lot of pain yeah but the nicest
guy very nice guy just a ball of joy
five balls probably a bad term
[Laughter]
it's like you know it's not anyone's
hope that your baby boy grows up to be
morbidly obese it's not anybody's hope
no and this is the difference between
the way I look at people now as opposed
to twenty years ago
pre-k pre-k BK before just before kids
the whole thing seems like a different
enterprise to me the whole thing in
terms of who you are and what what is
life and so much of it is based on like
if you wanted to look at it like this
big old problem like what's causing the
majority of the issues and this big
problem this complex thing that you're
trying to solve well the biggest issue
seems to be the childhood think the
biggest issue seems to be the love the
experience in the house how you raise
the lack thereof those are the
motivating factors it's positive and
negative like it's not a it's not a
simple equations no it's not cuz like
look we're just talking about joey wick
everyone loves Joey we love Joey you
don't make a Joey if everything's great
no if you are there for your kids and
the kid never does drugs never hold
someone hostage with a machine gun and a
coke deal gone bad all those things that
you always done if everything goes great
your kid never does those no you're not
breastfeeding on time all the time with
that kid Joey got through that he became
this rare thing that everybody loves and
it's precisely because of all that
struggle so it's a real conundrum it is
a conundrum because struggle can either
define you
in a beneficial way or it defines
everything that's bad about you and all
the negativity is just pot is just
reinforced because you're still
connected to that pain and trauma you're
you're behaving ways to you know go back
revert back to that time in your life
where you were experiencing pain because
it's a connection it's a connection that
was the only love that you had oh sure
and everybody has things in their life
they have to process things that have
been done to them things that they do
and you need some sort of purging yes
past absent who you are as a person and
that way to put it one of the reasons
why I like jiu-jitsu it's one of the
reasons why I like anything that's
really hard to do what do you think in
your life has been the thing that you've
associated the most pain with like what
is something that you experience that
has caused you the most pain or maybe
you know trauma or something that you
experience at the store that it's
fucking painful to your core I'm still
hurting from going on after Martin
Lawrence and the nine what's he so funny
oh dude when I first came to the comic
strip by the way I sucked okay I was
like 26 or 27 and Martin Lawrence was on
top of the world he was wearing leather
jumpsuits onstage and murdering and the
place funny the place would be packed
with people to see Martin Lawrence and
he would destroy in the main would it
feel like a rock show would it have that
energy like eclectic energy it would be
it was nerve-wracking first of all
because I had been a Martin Lawrence fan
like when I was an open mic er right so
I had been a fan like from early on when
I had first seen him on television and
he's doing movies then I've seen his
television specials and then I'm at the
store and here I'm going on right after
Martin Lawrence and not just once like
MIT's he put me on after Mars it's like
fucking every time I had a spot that's
most of the audience would just get up
and leave like Martin Lawrence is done
the fuck it shows oh they want to follow
it they they want to go after the rock
star you don't you know you produce all
that like electric energy in the room
and then they want to go after that well
they want that's when you're on stage
they want to go homes what they want
they've seen Martin Lawrence that's what
they came to see but I've seen people do
that to you at the store where you get
off and they're like we gotta go talk to
Joe we got to get some of that like they
want to get you know get some of that
energy from your clothes don't ya normal
sized balls
Joey's got something preposterous no
Joey's are like gorillas you're probably
no gorillas have little chips that's
right no because they take care of the
hair I'm they don't have any competition
yeah there's no competition what so
what's Joey's deal do you eat just
growing
I'm sure he had a lot of complications
he's nuts or traumatic not so
traumatized
that's um my friend dr. Chris Ryan he
talks about that all the time that
competitive like if you look at the size
of the testicles of chimpanzees you
could there's a direct correlation
between the size of their nuts and then
how promiscuous the females are yes so
the females are hoes they've all just
keep their fucking everybody and I'm
gonna fuck them better and they're just
building up bigger and bigger loads it's
wild like just that whole process like
the load that a guy releases and all of
that all of those sperm are competing
every single one it's a whole army and
they're all competing to get to the
fucking remember when the orcs attached
attacked the elves and Game of Thrones
yes that's the loads do you think
they're screaming for sure - screaming -
do you think there's like the chariots
of fires playing as well it's like an
unintelligent noise that you expect like
a demon to be screaming if it was coming
over a hill chasing you demonic that's
all come all come screams that's what I
think screams hello special titles be
that it's projecting it's coming flying
out of you it's screaming in so much
yeah I think what else comes shooting
out of you like that
it literally shoots out tears I mean
it's like it's trying to get up in there
yeah yeah of course they're screaming
yeah you could hear him I wonder if it
would change how often people fucker the
way guys shoot like if you could hear
the sperm screaming I wonder if they'd
be that as many like I wonder if you
plants money shot here you fuck your
plants yeah around you and your fucking
absolutely is if you think with music
music helps what if what if we could
find out that if you fuck while you
listen to the Prince you get 75 percent
more biomass but 75% less he was so
little no
it was so big I listen to Purple Rain
while you're talking and you the trunks
just keep getting thicker that's
interesting though
I wonder if music does persuade the the
successfulness of the you know the
pregnancy and someone getting pregnant
that's a good question right maybe if
having Mozart play for your growing baby
makes them a little bit more able to be
intelligent and make smarter choices
maybe it can sort of help people get
pregnant quicker when I was a kid I was
one of the first generations of people
that had a Walkman okay so when I was
working out I was going to the gym back
in like the fucking 80s alright when I
was in high school and I was wrestling I
have a cassette player I was like sit on
my hip I had like this fucking neoprene
belt or some shit I forget how it
strapped in but this cassette player and
headphone and I would go to the gym and
there's you could listen to your own
music at the gym this shit was unheard
of you understand this unheard of and I
remember doing leg presses - welcome to
the jungle
and I remember thinking how strong I
felt because of this music your
daughters are gonna be fine and so I got
off the leg press and I was like that's
crazy because like I literally felt like
I had more energy like something
happened I wanted to fucking go harder
because of the music and I was like okay
that is like it's doing something I know
it's exciting me and that's making but
what else is going on this is what
stimulate musics the only thing that
stimulates all areas of your brain
simultaneously it's one of the only
thing have you done Studies on this is
this way that's why I've read off of
your off of your Twitter feed music
stimulates everything including nail
growth and including your sperm all of
it it's not it's kind of true look
there's a book on audible so I I listen
to this book you ready
you're a doctor called music in the
brain I honestly even think makes sense
a person who is doing most of the
talking as was someone that's been on
the podcast I can't remember off the top
my head who it was but they were talking
about like when you're running so like
if you're listening to music got a loud
that takes an amount of brain power just
to be processing that add that on top of
the physical activity you're doing that
takes brainpower to do plus endorphins
plus all the chemical process there is
something that happens there it has been
studied I cannot regurgitate it
obviously but I only know it but that
would imply that it's actually it
hinders performance because it requires
resources resources to listen to music
and then resources to run but not
necessarily if it's engaging if the
entire brain is being engaged I would
think it would enhance the ability for
you to exercise and maybe some of the
maybe get out of your own way yeah yeah
yeah and the only reason I know about it
is because with research with
Alzheimer's they say when the
Alzheimer's patients reach a certain
level or even just early on in their
diagnosis that music can help alleviate
some of the stresses and anxieties that
are associated with a disease and
because it activates the parts of the
brain most of the parts of the brain
that is thought to be a therapy for
people who have Alzheimer's that makes
sense yeah because it's doing something
to juice up your brain like so almost
like a sauna for your brain exactly like
during the last two weeks of my dad's
life he could not communicate couldn't
eat his motor function functions and
everything had just stopped
we played Sinatra then motherfucker
didn't talk for two weeks we played
Sinatra he started to sing Wow in which
song fly me to the moon ironically
that's good yeah he started seeing and
he also the last thing he laughed at was
a fart so yeah let's fire up the black
ash is that what it's Carl this is
Darnell's
I love personal Matt my man smells
candles I love Darnell for Sanjay I
mixed up two things I listened to not
that same time though so there's a book
called music in your brain which is by I
believe his name is so I just had it
Leviton this last name oh yeah even
Levin thought I think I have that look
yes and then I also listened to a
separate thing which is by someone who
has been here Steven novella your
deceptive mind he has a
he hasn't no oh I thought he has no I'm
sorry deceptive mind there's so many
guess it's hard yeah I mean there's
we're at like 1500 Sean Carroll
interviewed someone that did a podcast
on the music in the brain and I think
that's where I was confused okay I mean
it's interesting
Daniel's candle does not want us to look
well it's the the key to candles is you
have to burn them until you have to cut
them first of all you need to cut the
wick and then you have to let them burn
until the whole area is melted so that
it burns you equally all the way down
mmm that looks like a disaster but this
is a mess yeah it's a mess it's no
surprise I mean somebody sent me one
it's like Bernie Sanders as Jesus who's
I'm gonna guess you got that from like
oh did that come from Vermont to do
surgery on this candle thing yeah you
gotta gotta cut out some of that goo see
this is but this is a guy that's
industrial he's figuring out what to do
industrious figure out what to do
candles yeah that's you know he seems to
be working that's why I made a bot whole
candle congratulations on that but so
did you are you openly admitting that
you were inspired by going up outros of
a jar oh yeah I was like where's the
Baha candle girl how many of these but
held candles have you sold weed we
haven't even opened yet I don't think
the shops gonna be open soon website
what does it really smell like like how
do you create about a whole smell it's
sweet with a little bit of weather like
swamp fog
well yeah thank you Swamp fog which they
won't be at Coachella this year they're
opening fog but the girls just queef out
a cloud yeah I just I do get inspired by
Gweneth Gwyneth is Gweneth whatever her
fucking name is sugar goop yeah oops
candle oops hold so yeah did you try one
of them jade eggs in your twat she
wanted people to put Jade eggs inside
your vajayjay
yes they did I've been putting bleach
tampons up there for too long
like and
we got to let go easy on the on the
couch we have to go gentle here's the
thing that men are never fuckin aware of
toxic shock since it's real hild a lot
of women Oh from fucking Tampa Oh and
imagine like you lose limbs too if
you're lucky
you catch it early enough you lose a
limb oh it's it's so but because think
about it is this little piece of cotton
I mean it's happened to me a couple of
times or you're like I I think there
might be there might be a stowaway up
there I'm not sure there might be
somebody hopping the Train I need to
check and see if there's any past
tampons I'm just remembering it's like
that tampon was actually invented by men
yeah but it seems like a male invention
a male invention to a female problem
that we don't have it's like hit it like
you guys to mix things you smack him
around why are you still stuffing things
up there I agree I mean that is a temple
you need to be gentle with your coochie
and we're just jamming it I know girls
will throw up a leg on the on the
bathtub on the wall the bathtub and just
jam it up there with one finger just
recklessly you got to go easy it seems
like also it can't be good for it like
that blood supposed to come out it's not
supposed to get stuck no it's it's I
definitely take take it easy with with
the you know the clitty cat down there I
go gentle with it but do you think
that's Nature's Way like before tampons
were invented trying to gross out the
male monkeys like what would flush it
out justjust have it all come out I
think there's probably something to at
least keeping discouraging discouraging
people to stay away from the girl so she
can recover and recuperate some of those
nutrients lost in that blood I'm sure
there's something to that you know
there's like something with like gypsies
where when women bleed I think it's
called like God Josh something like that
where when they bleed traditionally
people leave them alone and they stay in
there like cabin or wherever they're
living and everyone just leaves them
alone during that week if someone brings
up gypsies I think of two things
Oh God Tyson Fury and werewolves that's
I think of like the gypsy lady reading
your palm jewel with the mark of the
rules
where else would be cool like if you
could pick one creature to be real I
feel like I know the answer to this
because I'm your friend if you could
pick one mystical creature to be real
and exist now what would it be where it
would be pretty cool
I think Squatch would be great Squatch
would be very cool that probably the
coolest and the most like reasonable for
sure some Russian guy would hunt them
and kill them yeah for sure
Putin sure he'd have them on the wall
Putin would have it stuffed in his
office people be real mad I love that
you're saying this meanwhile there's
like a fucking caribou I don't know what
that is and this thing an elk water
buffalo I just imagine a Sasquatch head
over no those are primates yeah that's a
when you get into the primate like
nobody gives a fuck about rats like
literally nobody gives a fuck about rats
no I mean you're taking over New York
City
they they they fight they kill each
other they if somebody comes they take
over territories because there's no more
food there's no more restaurants opening
those little rats are out in the street
same amount of rats but no fish so smart
they're so smart like that desperado too
we talked about that like you know the
thing when the test they did with the
rats yes and it becomes like this global
consciousness that they have and they
get smarter from a test that's done way
far away we'll explain what I mean what
they did was on one side of the point
make sure this is true too they taught
him a mouse how to go through a maze on
one side of the plant mint might be a
rat might be your mouse on one side of
the planet and then the mice and the
other side of the planet went through
the maze quicker because of that so true
there would be in the morphic resonance
area Rupert Sheldrake yeah yeah he was
on the podcast way back in the days eh
yeah it's a very controversial idea well
it's because there's how do you gauge
that it's very difficult to go this is
the result of that the cause and effect
is a little it's a little cloudy there
you know what I think and this is just
one of the time I think this some time
I'm not married to this but I think that
you have the possibility to occasionally
get these glimpses of maybe senses that
are evolving in human beings and you can
call it intuition you can call it some
connection you have with someone
especially with someone you really love
like your family or
of duan Zoar someone you really care
about and you think about them and then
they call it's almost like man this
there was some sort of a connection
between people that just comes in and
out it goes in a like sometimes you're
thinking about someone they text you
like is that just total coincidence it
might be but it also might be that
there's some weird hard to define
impossible to measure connection that we
all share with each other I think it's a
beautiful way to look at it I thought
about that one day when I was just you
know thinking about my dad I was
traveling and it made me think about
thoughts and how thoughts are almost
like messages we send out into the
universe to just let somebody else know
they're not alone and maybe they grab
them through some ways through some
realm or portal and it's it's important
to like conversation is so important
because of that because it makes you it
reminds you of things and you draw
associations I was talking about my
father one day and you know John Heffron
yeah sure he sent me a message and it
was well my dad was sick and I was just
you know very upset about it and John
was just like you know I went through
the same thing that you did I want to
let you know that like hearing is one of
the last senses to go when people are
sick so just so you know that your dad
can still hear you and I had been afraid
to call my dad during this whole process
because I didn't want to know what he
had forgotten and so I beat John sent me
that message on a Sunday and because he
sent me that message it made me think
about my dad and I was like you know
what I haven't called him and so long
I'm just gonna call him tonight it was
like four o'clock in the morning East
Coast time he was in his um you know the
the what is it like Hospice is what's
the last place that people go is it like
the nursing home is usually like right
before people are passing I think it's
like a nursing home
well nursing home certainly our place
were a lot of people yeah I think that's
he went from memory care facility to the
nursing home and I called the night
nurse and my dad couldn't talk at that
point but because I said something and
John thought about it and sent me this
DM I never met him before
and that DM made me want to call my dad
and I and I called the night nurse it
was like four o'clock in the morning and
in Syracuse New York and I go I know my
dad can't hear me right now but can you
just tell him that I love him and I'm
thinking about him
and and I've Karen I think her name was
she said sure I can go in and I'll tell
him I'll whisper into his ear and that's
about 4 o'clock and you know about what
was at 1 o'clock here whatever the time
difference is and so I fell asleep my
sister calls me about 20 minutes later
my dad passed away right after the nurse
went in to tell him that and I can
consider that a coincidence sure we can
chalk it up to a coincidence or it could
be what you're speaking about where
there is some sort of deep connection
that we have that we can't express or
articulate with words even though these
words that were sent to me are the thing
that motivated me to talk to my dad
there's something to the effect that
there maybe there's something mystical
going on maybe there's something that
we're not meant to explain the problem
is the word mystical the problem is that
we're looking at it like it's some sort
of a magic thing we're calling bullshit
because so many people pretend to have
it and don't and there's no real science
to sort of back it up just zero
yeah and there's also been like the
amazing Randi has put out a reward where
James Randi I think it's a million
dollars if you can prove any psychic
ability no one's been able to win it
well how do you prove I don't think
things of the brain you'd have to do it
through well here's the thing if it is
let's just let's just go wild here we
nourishing he would never allow this he
would cut this off he would entertain it
and with a scientific perspective but if
you're looking at something like an
emerging characteristic of human beings
like for instance like we know that we
used to be single-celled organisms it's
very unlikely that during time we were
single-celled organisms like Enoch or we
could feel or we could do interpretive
dance okay no one was writing books on
your single-celled organism so as these
single-celled organism come multi-celled
organisms become human beings like
things are getting more and more complex
and more and more skills and more and
more senses and more and more of an
ability to manipulate their environment
and I think that it's only it only makes
sense that it there there could be some
non-local connection that we have to
each other some way without just
touching or talking or through visual
there's some sort of a connection that
we have with each other
that we just haven't evolved yet it's on
the way it
coming it's coming and that's why we
long for it that's why we're really
interested in psychics we're really
interested in pom people that know the
fee not just because we want to know
what the future is we want some sort of
a feeling of hope and interconnectivity
but it's not it's not just that it's
also that I think we know there's
something to it one thing we know
there's something there's something
grander beyond just this physical
existence that we have and then it
brings up the whole conversation about
the creation or existence an
introduction of consciousness
consciousness when does that come into
the picture when did it come into the
picture when was the first thing
conscious and what is consciousness is
it just sentient is just being aware and
looking out for yourself because then
dear conscious are rats conscious
because it seems they're pretty
conscious too it seems like they're I
think there's a spectrum to
consciousness and I think that one that
we're talking about is the beyond you
know that like consciousness that next
level where it's got to go somewhere
right it's got to go somewhere I mean
look at our brains our brains are these
our brains are like a universe and of
itself and it's there in the darkness
until death I mean you can't even
there's no way to really besides like
graphs and everything to really
understand the workings of the brain I
mean it's firing all this electricity's
going off and these little teeny
molecules are doing jobs and there's
like we said earlier sometimes it works
great sometimes it's dogs yeah it's
really why a person it's really it's
it's so it's so crazy and then there's
like this thing that happens in the
brain and in the body this like immune
response where they send out this
molecule it's almost like a Paul Revere
of molecules where it lets all the other
molecules in the body know that some
shits about to go down it's like you
know it's like a it's like you know a
warning right like adrenaline response
yeah but like little teeny if there's
actually little microscopic things that
are doing these jobs yeah whoo
what the fuck how do they start their
day right are they waking up like Joe
Rogan and going working out for now
you don't even know they're there no you
don't even know that's why I fucking
talked to him bro dude I get it I think
it's a good idea I was joking around but
also being serious like what you were
saying you could do for plants why not
why wouldn't you do it for yourself why
wouldn't you I mean y'all felt
everything is made up of things we can't
see
self-love right self-love is the most
important thing you can express and I
think if you don't love yourself the
breakdown in the chain is you know we're
talking about this whole podcast we've
been talking about like trauma and pain
and along that life time what determines
one person becoming a Joe Rogan or Joey
Diaz or even you know somebody who goes
on to become a politician or doctor
whatever it is what determines them
going from that direction to people who
are committing crimes and yeah sure
there's something on a on a microscopic
multi cellular level that is determining
these things and in self-love is is a
tool to use to sort of I think help help
you put yourself on the trajectory of a
positive life yeah not green but think
it's just it's hard for people to just
change gears right it's hard for people
who aren't healthy to be healthy it's
hard for people don't eat well eat well
it's hard for people who are kind of
lazy to get their shit together and be
disciplined you're gonna get tired you
know and if you're that person that
automatically seeks comfort and
Nothingness all the time anyway it's
gonna be hard for you yeah it's gonna be
really hard
yeah what are your what are your
reinforcements and what are you
reinforcing this is where I think events
are very there's amazing opportunity in
events and this is a big event what do
you mean
events like this pandemic okay I was
thinking of my guru terrible I miss like
you know events and going out oh I see
what you're saying this pandemic this
moment in time where everything stops
and there's like okay like have you
watched any television since then and
see people without masks and see people
hugging and shaking hands you go ah ah
right otter already we've only been on
lockdown for a month or so and already
we freaked out and we see people hold
hands
movies we see people kiss people they
barely know it's changing behavior yeah
it's it is scary because this is what
I've been telling people forever when it
comes to places like China though people
I can't believe that China is military
dictatorship in 2020 yeah and if you're
not careful that could happen here oh
absolutely I can happen anywhere if
you're lazy enough but it's here's we
have to understand this if it exists
anywhere it can exist here and we get
all complacent in this idea that that
could never happen to us and we're too
fucking smart do you know how many
people are rethinking their thoughts on
safety on security on guns on the food
chain the food supply chain people are
rethinking just basic survival well
that's scary yeah and it becomes that
sort of desperation factor and the isn't
this like we were talking about you know
us being so comfortable we're due for
some shit well this is it I mean this is
due for some destruction there's a trial
run because this ain't shit compared to
a big earthquake or if an asteroid hits
like there's a big-ass where that's
flying by it's a mile wide and it's
gonna fly by earth soon a mile wide do
you know what a mile wide piece of rock
from space would do if it hit us it's
it's a planet and I would think it would
it would leave a dent or two it's a
planet Endor it's aligning maybe the
silver lining is that we're getting a
little bit of a taste of what a real you
know more devastating global pandemic
looks like and that's gonna be the
deciding factor on our preparations for
something in the future occurring yeah
they didn't know but now they do so now
that they do
there better be plans in place for all
those other possibilities like those
supervolcano like yeah we better destroy
it impacts we better re reintroduce the
pandemic Department and get those
fuckers their job back well we don't
even know if they really went away I
mean it is very accurate I'm a fuckin
moron you're a more
and we're all we're all more I love you
you're great moron I love you too
but this this is now we understand that
the way things have been is not
necessarily the way things always will
be and definitely not things can get a
whole lot weirder so we should be
fucking careful we should be careful but
we should also be grateful I think this
is a silver the silver lining hopefully
will be us learning how to prepare a
little bit more in in you know not argue
and debate over these stupid things that
don't fucking matter right but I think
the reason why we're going on and on
about stupid shit was because we didn't
have something like this because life
was too easy
yeah well shit it's never a good
complacency breeds contempt right and
that's on a global scale scale from oh
oh yeah yeah that as well Lisa C was it
breed complacency is it I just make up a
cliche complacency makes fat asses not
the pH kind complacency is a dangerous
thing does anybody say pH fat anymore
that's not real anymore right that's fat
that was like the 90s early googling it
says contempt is the first thing failure
family operty complacency breeds
mediocrity or contempt Oh interesting
so familiarity breeds contempt and
complete see everything is breathing
good we're familiar with our complacency
yeah well we need to know what's
important and I think now we do have a
better sense of it so the real question
is whether or not we can learn because
people are good at justments when they
have to make adjustments then when
things slide back they get this sort of
the thing we were talking about earlier
where you don't want to look at all the
possibilities because you will freak out
especially if you're doing that apples
hell yeah I've been staring away
steering away from the edibles I mean I
have been doing the blunts but I think
people will change when their livelihood
and survival threatened yes but will
they change to protect themselves or
will they change to adapt a new way of
life to protect the greater good because
I want to be on an earth of people who
are protecting
human race not Bob Johnson you know what
I mean not an individual right because
it's then we're just back at square one
well though if you look at the history
of people we're doing way better now
than we were before right we keep doing
there's obviously been some peaks and
valleys and some mistakes and we're also
also aware that you can kind of navigate
the future intelligently and if you
navigate the future intelligently you
make less and less mistakes I think we
just now have to reassess the nature of
our momentum the nature of the society
that we're creating and what what we're
trying to do and also the impact that
we're having I know this is not
sustainable for people to not work and
stay home for months it's not
sustainable I'm well aware but it's also
amazing for the earth off you you look
at this the pictures they've taken about
the sky above la I mean I went on a hike
early on I could see all the way to like
Pasadena it smells different it does it
doesn't smell it but in in gasoline
doesn't smell it doesn't smell like
you're being poisoned up by a little
bitch a little bit and you are it's not
the same as smoking isn't the same as
smoking but it's right right next door
and that environmental stress that
constant exposure to environment
environmental stress I mean that affects
your mood that affects your health we've
got to all move out into the rural area
doing that go where are we going to go
we got to go on another planet with
biden and l ron hubbard people in south
dakota right now go and stay out of here
I know Arizona's gonna be the new la I
mean we're all gonna have to move there
Arizona you can have a gun it's easy to
get a gun cheap house yeah cheap house
the cactus that shoot needles at you
literally living inside a Satan's dick
for three months out of the year though
yeah three months of the year it's a
hundred and forty five thousand degrees
it's a brutal existence people aren't
meant to live in the desert everything's
dry crispy and trying to kill you you
hear the noises at night
yeah what was that creature hoodies and
rattlesnakes and occasion they have
Jaguars you know that's one of the rare
places in North America outside of
Mexico that we occasionally see jag Wow
yeah they have Jaguars that have been
spotted on trail cams and the biologists
these wildlife biologists watch it very
carefully because there's never been a
really strong at least there's no real
history of a really strong supply of
Jaguars in this country it's primarily a
Central and South American animal as
well as a Mexican animals it's something
that got loose from Joe exotics no it's
a real real fuckin Jaguar that made its
way from Mexico I mean its habitat is
like just deteriorating and it's
cruising around Arizona that's wild it's
a fuck - it spot like the fucking a
Jaguar you dealing with the drug trade
like you think you're the number-one
problem and then the these cartels that
are sneaking coke and just fucking
shooting at you like shit I thought I
was running things out here and then you
got a cousin who's like a cousin Jaguar
lives up in Oregon he's like bro you
gotta come up here there's so many trees
it's nice you can breathe look at this
motherfucker Wong wandering around I
have that tattooed on me so see the skin
down there in the middle side where
they're they're looking at that's yeah
they found out that this one Jaguar that
they had been spotting on trail cameras
have been killed in Mexico and what
turned into a fucking rug they turn them
into a rug yeah how do you feel about
that as somebody who hunts all these
like that's what women see right before
men go down on them that's what it looks
like beautiful you should frame that
shit I need that picture the colors my
office right Jaime we need it oh that's
beautiful
get that please take a screenshot right
now find that that needs to be in the
studio don't lose it that is probably a
Republican website look Jaguars return
to Southern Arizona you see exciting
yeah sighs that fucker encampment yeah
that's in a zoo that's but just still
look at the size of that fucker okay
lady they're like 200 pounds those
fucking cats they're big they're big
they're solo hunters right well when you
trip balls apparently in the in the
Amazon when the guys do ayahuasca and
the Amazon they see Jaguars I think
Jaguar entity comes to you yeah you see
like Jaguar spirits you need to get away
out of your own show I just think I
don't know why it was I don't know why
but I think it was a really interesting
theory about why that is and the the
theory is that the more people take a
psychedelic drug the more their
experience and who they are becomes a
part of the psychedelic experience for
the next person whoa and does back to
that consciousness right so when these
people are tripping on ayahuasca in a
place where they've been tripping on
ayahuasca for 10,000 years they see
things that these people who've trip
before them were terrified of like
snakes Jaguars and fucking dragons that
come from the sky have you done
ayahuasca
only done DMT which is the the chemical
version of ayahuasca I haven't done so
it's like a synthetic you don't throw up
and you don't shit your pants and it
only lasts 20 minutes that's not fun
I want to shart and not have to explain
myself I'm very interested in doing it I
just had I would have to carve away the
time to get ready for it and also make
sure I'm doing it with someone who's a
reputable person and then the problem is
that it's it's not legal so it should be
legal I have a friend who's really
working on what I mean it's not legal so
you don't you never know what you're
getting you have to get through word of
mouth you know you have to trust people
sketchy it's always sketchy when
whenever you're dealing with anything
whether it's mushrooms or any LSD if
anything somebody's green yeah well if
someone's offering you some incredibly
potent thing and you don't have a chain
of command you don't you have a lab this
came from you don't know and like when
you get into the world of psychedelic
drugs
it becomes very fucking weird you have
to tread lightly you don't have to tread
very very slowly there's no there's no
FDA
there's no DEA for it and so you're
right you're dependent upon these people
who are doing these journeys and trips
in their homes my friend Jackie staying
has a really cool psychedelic platform
it's I think it's called meet Delic and
and she promotes healthy ways to have a
journey in her the one thing she says
cuz I've talked her about it I'm like I
want to do it but I'm scared
she always says safety first like it's
so good to be new this need a sitter and
the environment needs like you said the
environment needs to be right I've never
done it but I would
only go off of someone like that who is
like you know knows the steps well you
know we were talking earlier about
people that try to get away from the
trauma of childhood and one of the
better ways that people have found is
through psychedelic therapy and
psychedelic therapy through MDMA has
helped a lot of soldiers and maps is
currently working on some studies doing
that but also people that have taken
psychedelic mushrooms have had great
relief from some of the pain that
they've had when they were younger
because it kind of can rewire the way
your brain works
now what's fucked up about it is this
book is chaos Greg Fitzsimmons buddy
wrote it Tom O'Neill he came in and then
he worked on this book for 20 years I've
talked about it too many times so I'll
give you the cliff notes but it's
basically a Charles Manson it's all it's
all about the 60s and the CIA doing LSD
studies and running Elliott and giving
honesty to hippies giving LSD to people
to try to change their memory giving LSD
to people to try to make them do things
and have no memory of it after they did
it there's connection between the CIA's
LSD study and Jack Ruby the guy who
killed Lee Harvey Oswald has shot him in
that iconic photograph sirhan sirhan the
guy who killed Robert F Kennedy all
these guys are connected to the
psychedelic study including Charles
Manson there's someone who's doing drugs
they ran a clinic in the 1960s and all
till this book came out they went CIA
ran a fucking free clinic in
haight-ashbury and it closed down three
months after this book came out it was
they were running it for decades shady
shit well he's controlling them but they
were they were giving people some sort
of psychedelic therapy or they were
studying them and giving them
psychedelics or they were doing
something or using them to motivate they
were doing something to people yeah LSD
and they were they were letting Manson
out of jail over and over again he would
get arrested he would violate his parole
they'd let him out again he was a part
of their program they wanted him to do
fucked up shit they wanted him like
they're researching him like a guinea
pig
they wanted to use him most likely to
disrupt the anti-war movement so he
represented hippies now so everybody was
terrified okay so they were trying to
put a bad face on hippies and make them
crazy so that they appeared crazy but
meanwhile they're the ones crazy were
making him yeah they were creating the
crazy well he was in the he was in jail
for most of his life like literally half
of his
fucking oh I'm doing a terrible job of
it but if you listen to the audiobook or
you read the book and the book has like
60 pages of citations and references
explaining all the stuff that is
absolutely provable about what he's
saying who funded it Henry a Sullinger
well no but it's a great book but it's
it's about that it's about rewiring
someone's brain with LSD and that Manson
learned how to do this while he's in
prison through this CIA study and then
when he gets out within two years he got
out in 67 by the time 69 comes along
Sharon Tate's dead they're all living in
the mansion he's gotten people murder
people and right Pig on the wall all
this while he's given them acid he's
given him a sin and pretend to take it
not taking it or taking just a little
and change to the way see both effects
no no he wasn't taking it so he was
pretending he was taking so he could
fuck with them so that they're taking
acid and he's programming them getting
them to have orgies getting them to do
crazy shit murdering people like he was
literally was a part of this program and
you can prove it by all the times he's
been released from jail all of his
connections with those guys who worked
for the CIA at the time and we're doing
those LSD studies all stuff because the
Freedom of Information Act it's all been
proven they did this thing called
MKULTRA where they did mind-control
experiments on people in the 60s it
ended like 1973 when the guy was running
the program died safety kids safety they
had whorehouses that the CIA ran and
dosed the johns up with acid they
thought they were going in to get laid
and they had a two-way mirror and these
guys would be like fucking sipping tea
watching these people take acid and have
sex with prostitutes that's it's a
fucking nightmare
like men sounds like a nightmare this is
what happens they came inside when
people get power in control you you can
justify almost anything one of the
things you can justifies you can justify
taking the guy was just looking to get
his dick sucked and you put him in a
situation where you're dosing him up
with acid and you're studying him like a
rat and he has no idea you're studying
him he has no idea what happened you're
breaking this poor guy's brain what
happened well Harry came home one day
and he just saw it demons he started
yelling he was in the bed
IATI starts shooting his gun next thing
you know no more Harry meanwhile she
doesn't know Harry got dosed up with LSD
because on the way home
he'd scraped together a little money let
just keep a little rub-and-tug real
quick and he goes into this place they
like have a drink sit down he drinks all
Sun do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do 12 hours
later Harry comes out he has no idea
what happened there's no memory of it
but he's a different person now and they
broke his brain is that like what
happens when people think they're being
abducted maybe they just were on the CIA
program and they were all fucked up at
night that's an abuse of power and in in
really an invasion of Rights it's just
well if you give people power and you
don't have anybody standing over them
tells them what to do and especially if
you're doing something in secret right
if you're doing things in secret you
ever hear that famous Kennedy speech
about secret societies it's really
interesting I don't think I have what's
really interesting because he was who's
struggling with the CIA and a bunch of
other secret sort of institutions and
government back then and secret
societies and he was talking about how a
poor and it is to withhold information
how dangerous it is but this is sort of
one of the reasons why it makes sense
like if you give people the power just
experiment on these young kids just dose
them up with acid just lets experiment
on prisoners let's just go to these
prisoners look at this guy he's been in
jail for 12 years he's a fucking loser
let's just give him acid let's talk him
into believing he's Jesus with no
recovery program no no regard for their
person it's so destructive it's it's
it's that's really just yeah this is one
of one of things in the book that Jaime
was freaked out about he claimed to have
achieved the impossible he knew how to
replace true memories with false ones
and human beings without their knowledge
well I mean most memories are false but
now without denying without detailed in
specific incidents he put it in layman's
terms has been found to be feasible to
take the memory of a definite event in
the life of an individual and through
hypnotic suggestion bring about
subsequent conscious recall to the
effect that this event never actually
took place but that a different
fictional event actually did occur he
had done it he claimed by administering
new drugs effective in speeding the
induction of the hypnotic state
in deepening the trance that can be
produced in given subjects it sounds
like whoever did hypnosis on you did the
opposite of that that's that's really so
so evil that was his job his name was
jolly West and he did this for decades
this is a government program
he's a really friendly guy sure if you
want to go to those conspiracies they
were they were real I mean they are
provable I mean that is just so it's
demonic oh it sounds like it sounds like
we're reading us like a movie plot look
at this the national security archives
in washington DC i found the version of
the psycho v psychophysiological studies
of hypnosis and suggestibility that the
CIA turned over to the senators canada
senators kennedy and anyway
in 1977 West's name and affiliation were
redacted as expected but the CIA's
version was also shorter and watered
down in comparison this is because he
found two different documents about one
in the CIA's warehouse and then he found
another one that was the one that had
been redacted West documents was 14
pages this one was five including a
cover page most glaringly there was no
mention of West's triumphant
accomplishment the replacement of the
memory of a definite event in the life
of an individual with a fictional event
so the CIA's papers had a different
account that showed that he could change
people's memories and then the one that
was all redacted and edited didn't have
that in it and these are people who are
still there are still people who are
like that who are running government and
or who are in politics or who are in
charge of passing laws like that well
here's the question so it does go deep
but here's the question should all that
stuff is horrendous right all that
stuff's horrendous experimenting on
American civilians and and fucking with
OCP my well breaking people you're like
causing schizophrenia oh hundred percent
if you're inclined towards it those
events absolutely do contribute to
schizophrenic breaks that's been proven
and it's not just it's like they've
actually talked about that that's that
Alex Berenson stuff that he talked about
with marijuana which is 100% true in
people especially with high doses of
edibles they have psychotic breaks it
happens to people to get schizophrenic
they blow fuses it does happen
no rarely and I know if people I know of
people multiple people that have had
real problems I think there's some
people that have a sort of a slippery
grasp on reality in the first place and
then they start smoking a little weed
and getting a little too crazy and
reckless with it yeah hmm and go deep go
deep wake-and-bake every day you're
hanging out with the wrong people too
and it's the wrong environment in or
even worse you're hanging out with no
people because you're on quarantine just
kidding you don't have any community
like it but that's that's why it's so
important to have like good people in
your life that can get you out of those
zones because it's all it is is like a
deep dark mental zone and if you don't
have a lifeguard on hand yeah you're
gonna you're gonna drown in your own
mental ocean dude that's what that shit
is horrendous and then all those bad
ideas are mental ocean sharks and yeah
and I doubt they're replacing bad
memories with good ones I doubt they're
like hey remember that time your uncle
touched you at the Reunion here's you
winning an Olympic gold I wonder what
the memories were that they implanted in
the po2 to create Manson hmm I mean well
they I know they definitely have taken
prisoners and convinced the president
they committed a crime that they
couldn't possibly have committed you
know done that way through a horrendous
interrogation and torture they've
actually convinced people that they did
something they didn't do it well that's
how they persuade people to you know to
confess and they lead people yeah you
know what this reminds me of what we're
talking about West world yes it's
exactly what it sounds like well what
were you creating memories and yeah yeah
I mean we're get we're going towards
that way world we're going to be if
we're not yet me Yvonne thinks we're
there right now Yvonne thinks we're
alone must thinks we're in some sort of
a simulation he wants to know what's
beyond the simulation wasn't there
percent I mean even Neil deGrasse
says there's a percent yeah need to grow
I love him I have such a crush on him
I'm a CBO sexual congratulations thank
you thank you very much I remember there
was a lady who got elected to something
they're like she's the first pansexual
politician openly pansexual politician
what's pansexual oh you love everybody
having a party but fun yeah hey listen
I'm not knocking being a ho that sounds
like fun
maybe I should I think she basically is
allowed to be attracted to everything
that's all joking aside I think all must
be exhausting maybe maybe it's not
sounds kind of great maybe she can go
back and forth from men to women but she
doesn't consider herself a lesbian she's
just she's just alive what is that what
does pansexual mean no I think you're
right I think they love everyone let's
Google I want to know what the urban
dictionary says cuz it's the only way
you're gonna get a definition that's a
true that's a true definite definition
please you guys pansexual real thing
established I'm gonna say you love you
love all walks of identity you like
straight people you like gay people you
like lesbians you like post-surgery
transsexuals not limited in sexual
choice with regard to biological sex
gender or gender identity
exactly well that just means you can be
sexual with a trans person straight
person or a gay person that sounds so
basically a very open person she's a
hippie a lover yeah she's out there
doing acid ever just opportunity blowjob
or the Manson did that's what they did
they were all that pansexual I don't
know if that's pansexual or more of a
control I don't know if they were all
pansexual I think you're born that way I
think it'd be unless you had the CIA
replacing your memories why would you
think people are born that way cuz Lady
Gaga told me those my sister only she's
such a Lady Gaga fan I love my sister
she's got two kids a husband she has
Lady Gaga's or screensaver on her phone
why not why not yeah I mean I must be
great just to love everybody I joke
around about it and I'll mock it but I'm
gonna mock everything this thing's are
out there they're gonna get mocked but
it doesn't mean it's not great we should
be able to mock everything yes or no
hundred percent in because the people
want to be mocked anything that you
can't make fun of it's bullshit it's
bullshit and it doesn't want to be made
fun of because it's afraid of its truth
being revealed okay that creepy dude who
says you can pray away the co vid oh
yeah oh yeah nigga from my life every
book you when the lady confronts him the
lady reporter confronts him and asked
him if he thinks the poor people are
demons I did not say that
his eyes they got crazy she asked him if
four people were demons and he looked
the most demonic I've ever seen a human
look the most say and knowing there's a
camera there oh look at him he looks
like he looks like a he looks like that
thing from saw he looks like you would
have to fight him to the death if you
saw him in your house fuck that guy that
guy is the devil that's the irony of
people like this he uses people's need
and want to belong and be understood for
his own gain look at that suit you think
it's a fucking polyester suit do you on
edge you'd be if that guy was like that
in your living room and he was screaming
and yelling pointing at you and you're
living like oh my god were fighting to
the death
can you imagine that's you would think
you're dating his daughter and you're
going to meet him and he's you walk in
the house right wait I like it when he's
in my house cuz I have to kill him but
you go to the upper left when he's
pointing at her right there look at that
oh don't say that he looks like if
Disney instead of making like the
presidents like those puppets at the
Epcot Center they made a demon look at
those white knuckles look how tight he
squeezing this fist his hand looks like
a old degraded version of an AI they
just soar like we're fuck it we're not
gonna fix it let's just put this hand on
him and just send him back out into the
world
no the hands is a real age that's where
everything else doctored up you're right
the doctored up his mug he forgot to get
a 50 years old there's no hand jobs
other than the regular con he needs to
get go to his dermatologist and get a
peel on that to show his that's the
demon coming out that's how old the
demon is
it's all hairy and shit but what would
you do seriously if he walked in his
back was to you and he just turned
around he's like shaking a martini and
he looked at you you did - yeah depends
on who's house if it's in his house Levi
get the fuck out of there do you think
he get out do you think he makes love
you sir does he make love or hate fuck
his wife it probably gets fucked only by
dudes and they probably come in buses
they probably come out out with like
execution of Mass on they just run
trains on what face and if Copeland I
mean it sounds like a have you seen the
video of him yelling I come in poser yes
you say oh you play it play it I haven't
seen it so we will get pulled off of
youtube if we actually play it and
people can hear it yeah
it's their content but oh my god that's
when he's rebuking poet Ovid who's the
other dude that's this guy who's giving
him it in the bunghole on Sunday
mornings giving him the Lord I'm
picturing large Samoan characters Jason
Momoa but like worse bigger just savages
ready to lay pipe on so he's about
you're calling them a bottom okay does
anything wrong with that choice
absolutely live your life do you girl I
just think that anybody who's doing that
look I don't necessarily think it should
be illegal to rip people off and demand
money and for a jet from poor people I
don't think it should be illegal but be
honest yeah if you think that you can't
be mocked for doing that someone can't
ask you a question because you did say
that you didn't want to be on playing
with all those demons you know like
that's why you has a private plane
because the regular people are demons
yeah did you really say that come on man
like you actually said it it's like the
same thing with Joel Osteen you know
they're just way way less crazy but they
have a similar like gloss about them but
Joel Olsteen is happy that guys out
there is he fuck yes
same fucking face no no it should be
he's because they're like Joel Olsteen
is not like him Joel Olsteen is legit
that guy he's crazy
he thinks poor people are demons
no I think if your your gauging them if
there's a graph of like worst ever
preacher to best ever preacher somewhere
along the line there's got to be a
really good person it's a preacher that
it really is following the word of
Christ and is doing it the right way and
is if they do get money they are giving
it away to charity there's got to be so
you think Joel's on the better end of
that he's closer to that sides to this
the fucking there's he sells tickets
where you can only look at his ass they
probably cost a thousand bucks
look there's there's tickets behind him
Oh God sells sex and God sells like if
comedies done I'm going to God and look
at the people that sit behind their ass
there's like so many people that they
stuffed people on the stage with them
that is so wild and this is this is
another example of people needing and
going towards love and I'm sure there's
obviously a benefit to this it's just
it's another level of religion that I
don't quite understand in my mind can't
grasp it because it feels like it's it's
teetering a little bit further away from
religion and going into something else
another realm that is the opposite of
what religions meant to be
well it's finance it's a business that's
that's what I mean if you have you're
selling out that big of a place and that
you're getting donations from those
people to look how many of those people
are tithing how many people are giving
ten percent thirty thousand people
giving you ten percent oh my goodness so
you're like paying you're paying God
essentially so it makes God appear like
a like a like a mafia like a member of
the Mafia you treat me good I'm gonna
give you some money just protect me it's
basically like a mafia member I think
the idea is that these guys the more
baller these guys are the more they
represent God's Word and God's Word has
allowed him to get a jet in the Rolls
Royce and look at this mansion that's
paid for by God's Word God is good god
is gonna have it and then people see
that and it's like sort of they get they
get pumped up but like god is good look
what God's done to brother Joel Joseph
falling out of control
joella's Royces and private jets he's
just so I don't know why his face is so
taut it is Jesus hanging on to his ears
and riding Joel like it like Seabiscuit
and directing him because his face is
very intense he's just on point focused
that's how you sell a fucking arena
woman he's running towards God girls are
always worrying about what the guy looks
like the guys selling out arenas with
Jesus's worth he's reading a book that
was written 2,000 years ago he didn't
write it he's reading out there given
these sermons and he's bawling look how
it happiest he's like I'm not even gonna
get my teeth bleached fuck he's laughing
fifty thousand people a week it says he
has great how much money is that that's
a lot that's a lot of millions I mean
he's like the Chappelle of sermon dwarfs
the saw dwarfs climbing hard wharfs
everybody attendance hopefully people
are getting what they need from that
good but he looks fucking crazy what is
uh his sermons like have you ever
listened to no no no but I mean he must
he's filling up the sixteen thousand
seat arena about three times to 50,000
people a week are getting in there good
lord quite a few well after the UFC was
at t-mobile I think I think the UFC
seats twenty-two thousand at t-mobile
somewhere on that range and he was there
he was there looking after us he does
twenty two thousand people in Vegas
that's a strange shift of energy like
you know from a UFC to g.od it's a
strange shift have you ever had a show
where it felt religious a show yeah for
you or it was like it was so good and
you were so tuned in that you got
offstage and was like man that felt like
I feel like God right now no I've had
shows it feels surreal but life feels
surreal yeah yeah my life feels very
surreal but um no never like they felt
religious because you're humble well I
mean and still do it I did what I do
like you have to have a certain amount
of belief in yourself yeah to be able to
do things either on camera or on stage
or you know in the moment you gotta have
a certain amount of belief in yourself
it's like all comedians are insecure
narcissists but you Teeter on this line
of I don't have you're the only friend I
have is a male who you're really
well-balanced in that area like your ego
I've never seen you lose your shit and
you risk you treat everybody the same
but you also respect your that's very
nice of you but I definitely lost my
shit I'm sure I can tell I mean your
your tattooed from your knuckle to your
clavicle I'm sure there's some shit
going on where you've lost yeah for sure
but you you also you respect your
boundaries and you you aren't afraid to
be like this is my space I don't need
you in it but with a smile well you
gotta be careful in this town especially
there's so many people that weasel in
the try to weasel into your circle and
be your friend and then start asking for
things and like it's not subtle at all
yeah they're like sycophants it happened
so quick it's like all of a sudden
someone's hanging around its friends
this guy and sees you places and then
they want to get your phone number and
then wants to talk to you about a
project it's like there's so many of
them out here that are like trying to
hustle their way into people's lives but
they're don't you think like I don't
know about you but I see him coming a
mile away yeah we do but they're still
around like it's it's in this town
especially when I was doing television
stuff oh my god television stuff is
littered with these people because it's
all about like making these connections
with each other and in the relationships
you have with Studios and producers like
everybody's sort of like working right
so it's like everybody's like can you
introduce me to Tom
Tom at MGM you know Tom do you just send
him an email just an email Tom this is a
great script I'd really like to
introduce many of those there's so many
people like that it's exhausting it is
exhausting if you don't change your
number every now and again you'll get
stuck with them I love that you do that
again two months ago I've two numbers
and I change them both now it's smart
yeah and it also you then you you
realize who you want to keep in your
life you at least want to communicate
with and send your energy to I can't
imagine being like Tom Cruise I can
imagine like someone is that sounds like
you can impossible to imagine how you
manage that I know it's why the guys
jumping off buildings he's hoping he
falls you know yeah
Scientology oh yeah yeah that's how he
manages it would you start a new cult
he's me it's so is it excuse my knight
naiveness in this situation is
the head man and Scientology still got
or is it l ron Hubbard is there is the
entity that thinks he's I mean they say
things like to LRH and their fucking
salute him and shit but I think they
think of a Muslim like a guy who just
sort of like brought them the word and
then the word is the true origin story
of human beings with the thetans and
they were frozen they threw him into the
volcano and the necessarily the Word of
God it's just the word of the aliens he
created as well that's it's an alien
thing it's like I think to paraphrase it
and butcher it I think the idea is that
you are like using this shell and then
you have this thing that's inside of you
that really has come from like other
galaxies and it was released here and
now it's trapped inside your body or
some fucking wacky shit but the writing
do the writing so bad movie
please get high and do a simulcast pool
you have to tell me you have to give me
I'm gonna ask you some pointers after
make sure I nail it just do it where
it's just you and a bong and Battlefield
Earth that's what it should be called
yeah you sitting there on the couch
crisscross applesauce bar and every now
and then you're like oh my god he just
hold on just like this is so crazy movie
is so wacky but that movie's probably a
million times better than the book the
book itself like I'm telling his writing
was so awful that it's confusing it's
like how did he do this and he even
wrote the orissa was quoted as saying if
you really want to make money start a
religion really quoted saying that he
was take pictures of him with hit
captain's jag on a bunch of metals he
gave himself I mean it's like it sounds
like mentally old you have to read going
clear it's great I didn't really listen
to it listen to it it's amazing I
actually going clear I read at least one
or two of the chapters I actually sat
down and read it but most of it I
listened to it's amazing it's amazing
like can you realize like what he was he
was like this guy was mentally ill who
was trying to
self-diagnosed and then self heal and
then came up with this whole system of
like Dianetics this whole system of how
to like manage your mind and and that
and again for some people it actually is
effective because it gives them a
structure well yes you know the silver
lining to his mania is that he managed
his mania and then made fucking cash
he's dead either way yeah yeah I mean
that's that's what it says who knows
there's so much money there like one of
the number one real estate holders in
all of Los Angeles
it's creepy when you drive by there the
main building and psychiatry kills we've
seen that yes yeah they do people that
go into there they don't even know
they're going into a Scientology
building they think they're going in for
some anti-psychiatry think it is it is a
little you know the whole thing is
misleading the whole origin of it is
misleading what is maslany the guy
probably believed everything he said
he's probably out of his fucking mind if
you really pay attention to what l ron
Hubbard was he seems like he was lying
constantly he's probably a maniac was he
a result of the CIA chaos no he's pre
this but have you ever seen the
interview where Tom Cruise is on with
Matt Lauer on The Today Show and Tom
Cruise is mad at Brooke Shields on
psychiatric juggs yes and he's like
reaching out to her like he's saying how
he can like what she needs to heal yeah
yeah yeah and he's he's so intense dude
he looks suited on something look at his
face it's so intense I just think he's
very adamant about this particular
aspect of the Scientology belief system
and one of the things is they don't
believe in psychiatric drugs there's -
or I'm pretty sure that I believe in any
of those right is that but but the
conversation is so interesting I wonder
if you did like a personality trait test
of the people who are followers of the
Scientology religion what the common
denominator is amongst them dude you
really want to see something amazing
they see Tom Cruise's graduation speech
what was that that one way stood on the
podium and they gave him like the most
amazing man of all time metal they gave
him a medal like a gold medal it's
of a fucking hubcap and it's hanging
around his neck like Flavor Flav and
he's somebody who leaked this it is
fucking amazing so the head guy of
Scientology that guy gets it from they
salute each other because they're in the
fucking army they hug like in a crazy
like they both probably came there and
then Tom Cruise goes up they give him
this gigantic dinner plate of a metal
and this this is like a speech it's like
a pump up speech that was like a
Scientology thing look at his medal he
won most awesome human of all time and
so he's standing there in front of this
huge globe behind him this issued image
of the earth behind him this huge seal
freedom Medal of Valor Medal of Valor
it's amazing most amazing person of all
time medal based off of what what the
fuck ever you hater imagine how crazy
you have to be to stand there in front
of these people with this goddamn dinner
plate hanging off of your neck and then
at the end they salute to l ron Hubbard
they look they look at the picture when
they go tell our secret society there's
the photo of our age decor it looks like
the inside everyone gets up and salutes
to LRH dude he looks like the thing from
Ghostbusters the painting I would like
to join just for fun Hugo remember that
see how much they can convince you what
is it there you go Vigo you know what
I'm talking about how much could they
convince you if you had to live like a
Scientologist like if you just said like
a look I am going to do a thought
experiment and I'm going to study all
their work and I'm going to be
non-critical about all this and I'm
gonna live my life but and I'm gonna do
it for three years people have tried to
do that probably just like for fun on
their own because they're so bored like
what would happen if they didn't like
yeah happens if they get caught yeah but
you'd have fun yeah you'd have to be in
the system what if they just want that
was like their last hope and they just
were hoping it would help whatever issue
they had I'm sure that's happened both
ways how many people have looked at the
success of Scientology though and going
I need to do something like this
but they never did probably everything
can you it's like a comedian looking at
you being like I fucking I should I wish
I thought of that but being mentally ill
well just be well no I mean you downplay
yourself but you know your your topics
and your jokes I'm it's the same shit no
I got lucky and that there's an actual
job for something that I just I'm now it
just fits in with my rambling curiosity
yeah some a Rambler and I'm curious so
it's like oh look a this is a job right
here it wasn't even a job before it's
just a a recent job but but if you see
Waco the Netflix I had no idea I knew
about the story I was young when it when
it went live during the actual time but
watching that that again like there's a
certain type of personality that is
attracted to having a leader and it goes
back to like what did you experience in
your childhood where you needed that but
again the guy always fucks all the wives
look small small guy he's helping him
fucking help you out I'm not fucking
your wife I'm your best friend I would
never fuck your wife my dick was inside
of her but that's different I was
fucking her jesus is fasting you and he
strengthening your resolve
can you can you heal from this are you
gonna be able to find what you need from
within and then he would sing terrible
songs and then just walk in then he'd
just disappear through the doorway did
anything like green die please don't I
think he did I think there's a video of
him singing Green Day branch davidian
branch davidian go Texas dude that was
such a that was so tragic you know yeah
Ted Nugent lives near there of course he
does he probably helped out he probably
goes in which is is near the location
you know I almost bought his car what do
you mean his car was for sale Ian in
1968 Camaro it was for sale oh it's a
big year for Camaro it is a good year I
love and it was for sale online and I
saw it was like oh I'm fucking buying
this and I picked up my phone and I went
like then I looked and I'm like do I
really want that fucking bad juju in my
life you knew it was his car yes it was
a hundred percent his car
yes certify that it was Carmike did look
is that bad voodoo yeah it has to be I
mean if we're talking about there being
some sort of bright realm of
consciousness and things existing
outside of the physical world there's
some bad juju I was killed by the feds
and they burned his family alive oh why
I'm told and they lied about it
they shot fire out of the fucking nozzle
shooting women and children and drove
over the walls knew the women and
children were inside drove over the
fucking walls and lit that place on fire
and barbecue those people well that was
a real I think a lots going on there I
think it also was like a breakdown in
protocol and gonna handle a high tense
situation I think that's how they've
always done it I just think this time it
got caught on tape that's what I think I
think if there's ever been some sort of
situation where people are armed up look
at Ruby Ridge there's a bunch of
situations in history where they decided
to put their fucking boots on the back
of someone's neck because they wanted to
let that person know they're they're not
going to resist and that's one of the
things that people do when they're in a
position of power
that's why power so dangerous it is
every single time people get this sort
of ultimate power it winds up being
abusive it was with with with a certain
person and it becomes like the
difference between like you know
somebody who does good for the world and
in community and somebody who does yeah
evil shit it's such a hard job to be a
leader of anything whether it's a leader
of California or a leader of the country
or a leader of anything like being a
leader of something like Jesus well
every decision you make is scrutinized
and your whole platform is built off of
lobbyists and people who have invested
interest and it's it how do you make a
decision and how do you commit to your
own decision have faith in it where you
must lose yourself you must have to lose
yourself in order to be able to make
those decisions but then how are you
able to make decisions without yourself
being connected to it you must deal with
criticism because you have to be able to
address people's concerns so you have to
take some criticism and that's probably
nonsensical and angry and ridiculous
and then some of it that actually is
constructive and makes sense what do you
think was the president who handled that
the best that you've seen in your
lifetime to handle Obama I think he's
the best speaker of all the presidents
because there's something about Clinton
I didn't like his little fake smile
he's smirky you just knew he blew a load
on the dress he still was an amazing
speaker he's still an amazing speaker he
was charismatic yeah and sometimes he
would knock her out of the park but it's
just like you don't too much about him
afterwards to judge him in the most
objective way it's maybe if I just
looked at his ability to speak versus
Obama's ability to speak they're both
pretty amazing
they were definitely both amazing I
think Obama had had a calming factor
mm-hmm I feel like when other presidents
have spoke for just from my I don't
really know you know a lot about
politics are claimed to be an expert but
like when Donald speaks or other
presidents before Obama it cause like an
anxiety there was like a tense yeah
behavior around it like the way they
spoke was very I don't know stress
inducing but Obama was kind of velvety
he had a way of delivering things and
you felt like you was a guy you could
actually hang out with like I remember
seeing him on board a and show they were
in Vietnam
eating and drinking beer and I'm
watching azomite
what motherfucker can just hang out yeah
like you can walk into any room and and
make it his room but he can hang out in
a way like that I don't think Trump can
hang out like Trump's got to be the
center of attention it's got to be a big
deal that trumps there it's got to be
you know you know I'm saying like Trump
would have to be he's not gonna hang out
with you in some weird fucking
restaurant in Vietnam after he's out
he's not talking about like the flavor
notes of the sauce on the on the pork
he's not gonna be able to make foods and
different different cultures that cook
in a different way
it seems like when Trump but when Obama
spoke he was able he felt like he was in
the moment in present yeah like he was
aware of what he had to deliver but was
also aware of his the way he was
delivering it Trump seems like he's
always someplace else
yeah and Obama's I mean there's been a
lot of there was a lot of bad policies
or a pastor and the Obama administration
particularly when it comes to
whistleblowers they were or the worst on
whistleblowers ever and there's there's
also some real erosions of freedom of
speech and of surveillance real erosions
of that a lot of drone attacks Jesus
Christ there was a lot of drone and a
lot of fucking innocent people died
during those Toronto attacks so it's
like there's no
president that gets out and just nails
it no there's no immaculate presidency
it's a dirty job and it's I don't ever
know I don't know if it ever wasn't a
dirty job I mean look at the the the
nature of what it is you're ruling over
people and a lot of different through
the types of people and in so many
different laws and States it's a lot to
keep under control and then you have to
worry about the types of people who are
you know on the lower levels of politics
and how they're making decisions it's
gonna worry about the type of people
that want to be President to the right
mind why do a babe and he's still a babe
but total dome it is in a little juicy
no not juicy a squirty little squirting
Timmy's a lil squirt for Obama
that's my new bumper sticker no he
clearly he clearly you know why because
I think you read the briefings and I
think he cared and I think he probably
worked some fucking ungodly amount of
hours and I think you probably freaked
him out once he got in there and
realized how dangerous the world really
is if you like that's people have
wondered like why did he not do what he
said he was gonna do during his campaign
and why did he change a lot of that once
he got into office and one of the
thoughts is well they say a lot of
things cuz they don't really give a fuck
they just want to get in there and once
they get in there like trust me I'm a
good guy once I get in there I'll be
fine but I got a lot of you and say
there's all this stuff that I'm gonna do
that I know I can never do the other
thing that people say is when you get in
there and then they change your
perspective and they show you the
briefings they show you all the
terrorist activities they show you all
the danger in the world and you realize
like oh my god and you're responsible
for making the right calls to zig and
zag and make sure you avoid all the
fucking trees on the way down the hill
you're probably right that's a very
smart way to look at that I think it
affected him right down to his core yeah
they become a different person he's
almost like you hope they do if they're
human they become a different person
yeah but I mean you you not who you said
you were going to be when you were
running for president and it's I think
it's I bet a big factor is the access to
information and then they're talking to
the top intelligence agencies and then
the top talking about all the people
that are lifetime in in White House in
in you know in Washington and they can
let you know how everything really works
in the in fuck and then all you're
really doing because it's
if you look at the span of a lifetime
and then a span of a president being an
office if he gets re-elected there's so
many things for you to address that how
do you even get to to doing all of the
things on your on your daily to deuce
you end up spending more time talking
about the policies as opposed to
actually putting them into play it's so
hard to check all those boxes that's the
case with I think all kinds of
government and that's one of the we're
the reasons why I'm very patient about
this whole reopening the government
thing not that I don't think we should
do it eventually but I look at it like a
battleship and I think I don't think
this battleship can make quick turns I
mean I think it's shut off real quick
and you know freaked everybody out and
there's been a lot of crazy adjustment
but I think the battleship is still
turning really slowly and to get it to a
point where you're gonna maneuver it
into the harbor because you're back to
work again whoo like how's that gonna
look is that just gonna be wide open
back to work again right and what do we
do if the virus flares up again are we
gonna be able to accept the fact that
the data shows that it's not as
dangerous or or we're gonna look at and
say yeah it's not as dangerous but is it
not as dangerous because we quarantined
everybody right which is probably true
yeah which probably the truth is it's
probably not as bad as they thought it
could be or would be or we're worried
that it would be but maybe maybe it
still needs to be something that we need
to stay away from I don't know I think
if it's if it doesn't turn out to be as
bad as everyone thought then we're
learning that something worse is going
to come and we need to we're learning if
if something yes if and when something
worse comes that we need to improve our
equipment supplies in our you know our
standard mode of protocol and in how
we're reacting to these things honest
honest like in a system level but now we
know you know what makes me happy
honestly legitimately makes me happy is
that most people complied most people
shut down their businesses most people
stayed the fuck home
it's not like people were rebelling
aisle but no but but they still have
done it for over a month which is a
crazy thing yeah to tell people to
go anywhere and not go to work for a
month and most people comply that's
pretty fucking amazing this is the first
thing I've done in quarantine that was
outside of just walking my dogs and
maybe go in the grocery store with my
man once in a while you when you guys
shop do you stock up kind of but it's
hard to stock up when you eat like I eat
perishables so it's hard to stock up on
perishables part you got eat bullshit
food that preserves and that stuff that
stuff affects my mood rice and beans
gross mac and cheese is in big old
dumpsters they go garbage cans full of
rice and beans if you had a garbage can
full rice how many years a long I mean
you ate rice every day probably a long
long time how much could you live on
rice and butter if you just have rice
and butter I think that some kids that's
all kids eat when they're like up until
they like 10 years old dogs chopped up
in there if you're over 12 and you eat
hot dogs with ketchup fuck off it's crow
supposed to be mustard you weirdo but it
should be mustard should be mustard and
the bun should be toasted just a little
bit sauerkraut every time some relish
I'm like that's candy rude you stay on
your side of the table Stan my Andy so
sweet and everything fucking up is that
your like junk food like what is your
ultimate junk food I love in New York
City Oh what Joey Diaz calls it dirty
water hotdogs yeah it's dirty water dog
snap when you bite into him I prefer the
kosher dogs those are the best if you
get large they just prayed over yeah
well they slaughter them differently but
the the if you have like there's a
couple of different companies I don't
know they were slaughtered differently
yeah yeah that's the whole thing of
something being kosher a rabbi has to be
there and it's actually a really bad way
for the town of die cuz he knows he's
like awful because guys here hang them
upside down cut their throats
ah man see look I I try and like my
wife's dog though it does it does some
really juicy I try and live my life in a
you know where I'm being as good of a
person as I can but I got it
burgers are so good or so
they're so good so I'm not a bad person
because I like a burger do you want some
wild of me will you curse fuck yeah oh
my god my man was like you got to get
some elk all right I got it for you my
god far we've dude we've done almost
three hours and a half oh wow
has it been like three and a half hours
we've covered a lot what do we got right
now 322 Wow
dude dude that blunt really kicked us
off I was a little scared at first I got
a little to hell I'm going down this
hill I can't stop
no you're natural well it's not even an
interview it's a conversation that's why
this podcast is so good well it can only
be good if I have friends like you
you're sweet
no you are no I really appreciate that
but I'll show you I really do you're one
of my favorite people always loved
hanging out with you
we have a lot of fun at the store it's
always fun to do these with you and your
real that's what I like you know I think
real recognized as real as cheesy as
that is but are we rappers now no we're
just humans expressing our heart real
recognizes real but the one thing I
realized in this quarantine because I've
become I've sat more in the fan seat
because I'm not performing as much so
I'm like experiencing it from the other
side and how important your show and
your podcast is to the fabric of society
like your comedians always talk about
there's a preposterous things no it's
not Joe it is you are important because
of the very subject matters that you
have on this show well sometimes I can
get lucky and get a guy like Michael
osterholm on and tell Pete that was the
guy that alerted everybody to how bad
this was really gonna be right we see
this CD I see guy know he's the guy
that's an infectious disease expert that
wrote this book deadliest enemy oh yeah
he was on and everybody went holy shit
cuz everybody's like should we take this
seriously is this anything and then he
did this podcast and then like four
hours later I got a call from Dana
White's like dude what the that podcast
is freaked everybody out
Syd wrap right the center of infectious
disease research
oh you're right you're right Syd wrap
that's exactly what you'll do you
smartypants
oh I'm like you I am looking for me no
but I like maybe it scares you to hear
that or not you're just fucking around
but like there's a few there's a gap in
in
availability with information and like
fake news and all that shit
your show is important because you you
have an unbiased approach to who you
have on and it's all it's just a wide
spectrum of information and it's a great
place for people to have an area where
they can come and learn from things they
may not really agree with well here's
what I'm really lucky we're really lucky
is that there's something that I'm doing
that reaches this insane number of
people but also has no one telling me
how to do it fuck yeah so is no one
telling me that I can't get this guy on
or don't get this author on nobody gives
a fuck about this book we've got Rob
Lowe's coming in or you know whoever the
side there's no network dude saying no
to Alex Jones yes because of what it
would do to your fans and your ratings
exactly and and also fighters like what
are gonna talk to them about who do the
fighters I mean what about these authors
you have friends who are doing their
podcasts with a professional production
group and they're having these kind of
conversations fuck that and they're
saying there they go dude I feel like
I'm working on a TV show this is crazy
like I'm like just let me do the thing
and I'll do if this episodes not so good
I'll do better and then the next time be
better but let me have on the people
that I can a get people that are willing
to do it and then P B I'm actually
interested in that's what's gonna create
the good content I need to be interested
in this shit the only way I'm gonna be
interested in what you're talking about
is if you're actually interested in it
if you're talking about some shit I mean
you could be talking about playing the
piano I don't know jack shit about
playing the piano but if you're really
into it and I hear people talk about it
I get fascinated I when I wasn't
listening this conversation about go
about playing that game go and how
complex that game is and about oh this
is one of the reasons why that deep blue
computer beating go beating like a
really top level world champion go
player is so extraordinary because this
is an incredibly creative game that's
really complicated and I don't know shit
about go but I was riveted well I was
just riveted and you explain my mouth is
open I was like well I think passion
definitely is an alluring yes it's it's
it's a defining factor for creativity
and that's where you know you know we
got to just take control of what we want
to do and just put it out there and fuck
fuck censorship and fuck what people
think if you're passionate about it then
that's all it matters Jesse may tell
everybody about your show oh it's called
sharp tongue pod
and I talk about a lot of shits things I
like to listen to and like to talk about
subjects that that matter to me will you
consider my offer to do that simulcast
while a bong please do free thing yes
with a bong you Battlefield Earth and a
couch absolutely I will as long as you
get me that oak me Jesse may provoke you
thank you my friend laughing I love you
too always good to see you bye everybody
[Music]